Tree, I’m getting you out of here! Reaching over, Tree grabs the steering wheel. EXT. HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS The car behind Carter SLAMS on its breaks as Carter’s car flips a bitch, swerving into oncoming traffic! Narrowly escaping a major accident, Carter slips into the flow of traffic heading BACK TOWARDS campus. CLOSE ON -- THE POLICE OFFICER Shaking his head disapprovingly as he continues to direct cars. INT. CARTER’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Checking his rear-view mirror, Carter sighs with a mix of relief and frustration.
She was pretty and strong-willedlike you. She died of polio when I was eleven. Always in pain but would never let me see her cry. There was a girl called Hope. Lived by us. Big fat kid. Always picking on the smaller kids, obviously out of jealousy. Ain’t never fuck with me though. She hated Mary with a passion. Always teasing her about how thin and frail she was. Then one day, Hope walkin’ past our house with an apple in one hand and a blade in the other. She decided to throw the apple across the street at Mary, and it hit my sister in the head and knocked her out of balance. She fell down the steps. Broke her ankle. That was the first and only time I physically saw my sister cry. And the was Hope standing there laughin’ her ugly fuckin’ face off. My daddy... he got home... he took off his belt and he beat me, for not protecting my sister. He lashed me until my whole body went numb. Then he went to Hope’s house to do the same to her. But when he got there he saw her entire family at the side of their house, all of them crying and screaming... and there was Hope lying on the floor in a pool of blood. Somebody had slit her throat. Killed her with her own knife. Daddy was speechless. He ain’t said a word to me when he came home. The next day he sent me to live with my grandparents. And the next time I seen my sister she was laying in a coffin. Disease had killed her. Mary absorbs Trudy’s story.
STREET NOISES; car HORNS, shouting, other people’s shitty music, etc. A TEA KETTLE on the KITCHEN STOVE WHISTLING for all its worth... The PHONE RINGING and RINGING... INCESSANT KNOCKING ON THE FRONT DOOR... ON THE RADIO: Miles Davis, "So What" from "Kind of Blue". Miles sits in the midst of it all for a beat. ...fuck...
Come and drink my liquor, freeloading thievin' muthafuckas... INT. MILES DAVIS' MANHATTAN HOME CLOSET- CONTINUOUS Miles stands at a double door, jerks them open MILES You ain't driving me around looking like that no more. - his massive closet - hundreds of outfits, shoes, shades, hats. INT. VILLAGE VANGUARD BAR - LATER/DAY Miles and Dave enter, decked out like we first saw them at the top of the movie, drawing stares from the few setting up for the show later, BARTENDER, MANAGER, BUSBOYS, etc...
See you ‘round, Miles. Miles eyes Junior as he goes, “You brought this shit on yourself.” No denying that. Miles shuts the door behind them. EXT. HARPER’S BUILDING/GANG PLANK/ATRIUM - CONTINUOUS Miles and Dave quickly move across the gangplank. Dave chucks the gun into the atrium below. INT. HARPER’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
There’s a lot of shit I don’t wanna do, Ponch. She mounts his Harley, ROARS OFF after the Predator ship. EXT. THE ARK - AERIAL Just in time for OUR VERTIGO SHOT -- as the ship ascends with our three soldiers hanging precariously. McKenna’s backpack SLIDES away -- He flails at it, the Predator weapons disgorging, tumbling earthward, fuck -He hauls it in, secures it. Cups his ear, the one with the BLUETOOTH inside. YELLS into the com over the RUSHING WIND:
You don't got to be rude, bitch. Peter, sweating. His fingers flex. His lips narrow. His eyes meet the second man's. The train pulls screeching into the station. The doors open and the girl slips out. The men stand up as if to follow her, then sit back down. They laugh. One of them flips Peter off. Peter looks away. INT. DAILY BUGLE - JJJ'S OFFICE - DAY The homeless man stands across the desk from JJJ. Carrying the charred husk of the suitcase.
He owes the circus everything. We feed him, put clothes on his backThe doctor bollocks was just a fantasy for him, one that I dispelled last night, I thinkVICTOR Yes, I noticed a pile of burnt books on my way inBARNABY Aye, but that was just a bit of a row, me getting my frustrations out’n’whatnotVICTOR When you’re frustrated you burn books, fascinating, fascinating, listen, you’re a bit of a bastard, aren’t you?
I know what you're all thinkin'... you're                   * all feelin' sorry for me - Poor Colin... Think I'm pathetic... Come on, say it ...                   * I can take it... Well you can all fuck                      * off - Sling yer dirty hooks! ... I'll                       * deal with this myself ... Well, what are you waiting for? - Piss off - Sorry to have inconvenienced you an' all that ... but your services are no longer required -                  * Slags! - Laughin' at me! I may look like                    * a cunt but I'm not stupid!
..."Meredith you're a cunt! Thank you very much, 'ere's your forty thou... See ya!"... For a giggle. I've stuck four hundred pound on the pontoon table - splatt! -- Blackjack! Six to four! Lovely! That's me done!... 'Ad some dinner in the corner - fillet steak, coupla spuds... last d rink - lar ge ca lvado s... Home met hi nks , "G et me a ca b" , ove r th e bridge, bung `im a nifty -."Ta, guv", wipe my feet, cup of cocoa, into me jim- jams, lights out ... ain't life grand!
woman ... you're gonna come runnin', back with your tail between your legs pleadin' to be let in out of the cold - and will I take you back? - Will I fuck!! No way!! Not a snowball's chance in hell! Not on your nelly !!... 'Ang on Colin -' ang on son - you're lying to yourself! - Course you'll take her back! Of c ourse you will!!... I'll take you back, Liz - I fo r g i ve y o u - c o s t h a t ' s w h a t overlovers', do, you see -they 'overlove' - they love too much!
What a terrible waste!...What a waste of time!. .. En ergy! ... Everyt hin' !. .. What's it all mean?... Surely a marriage is somethin'?!... I mean, what's it all about? What is the fuckin' point! Twenny one fuckin' years, good times and bad - dow n th e fuc ki n' pl ug 'ol e! Up th e fuckin' Swanee, eh?!!...          W e ' ad                 * somet hin' goin' !... Soli d!... A life! ...We wer e a f amil y! - The Diamonds!.. What're they gonna say?... What am I gonna tell `em?... What does one tell the children? - This's gonna affect their studies!...
... Thank you... ... Alright - I'll tell you why you're still alive ... but this is just between you and me, mind ... Thing is, I've got a dilemma! Which is - and this is stupid, I know - I'm thinkin' that with you dead - which is what I want - don't get me wrong - I want you dead - I think you owe me that - I do! ... Coz that's what you've done to me - you've killed me - but see, with you dead ... She... Liz...Elizabeth. .. will hate me                       * forever - end of story... However ... on the other hand... 'f I let you live ... well ... maybe ... Me an' Liz ... we can ... who knows ... who fuckin' knows ...
And, yes, you've ignored the dripping tap or whatever for five years but one day, for whatever reason, fuck knows why, you get up off your fat arse and you find yourself under the sink with a span ner in your hand and yo u're s     m     i    l    i     n   g            a way like fuck...'Cos you know that its gonna please her! ... And if she don't notice it, she don't notice it. It don't matter. It's plumbed It's fixed. It counts. It's the maintenance of a marria ge. Th e nuts and bolts. The nitty gritty. The reality... That's life. That's love. It ain't easy ... Nobody ever said i t'd b e easy and they're right! It's hard work.... But
broken window... I called to her ... She                   * couldn't have heard me... couldn't have heard me... I went fuckin' bananas ... ballistic ... went fuckin' spare ... You ain't seen nothin' like this ... like what I did ... I 'was possessed ... I smashed my home up! With my bare hands I smashed my home to pieces!'... BANG! Elbowed the telly!... BANG!... There goes the coffee table!... BANG!...That's the stereo fucked!... BANG!., Gonna need a new settee now!... And carpets!... And it's BANG this and its BANG that! BANG! BANG! BANG! - Like Sonny and fuckin' Cher!... I almost killed the family dog! - You almost killed the family dog! D'You                    * accept that you've spunked all over my
Course you do!.. No?... He had a big heart!... Don't you remember? 'Ave you forgot ? - h is ki ndnes s... His s weet nature ... C ouldn 't do enou gh, c ould he?... Family man... Proud... His kids... Home... His wife... How he used to make her laugh... Spoil her... Dote on her... Different treats... Ah, well!... Do you know what happened to him? - I do!... Yeah!... He was murdered! Yeah!, In his kitchen - that's right!... in his own fuckin' kitchen!... Had his fuckin' heart ripped out ... standin' by the fridge... Should've seen his face - Stupid! Looked like a cunt !... He did!... You would've laughed!
Two years later I was dead... I passed away in the small hours in a nursing `ome in Slough, with a drip in me arm, me gnashers in a mug by the bed and me boots most definitely on!... I'd done me hip in the spring and couldn't cope with meself no more at `ome, if you must know... I died in a `orrible fuckin' room they'd give me in the midst of a bunch of doddery, decrepit, dribbling old mongs!... Come the time, this dragon-witch-bitch of a nurse, arsked me if I wanted a fuckin' priest?! To make my peace!... I arsk you!!... I told `em where to get off!... Told `em all to fuck off out of it and leave me to meet my maker on my Jack Todd!... I lay on my pit like a scabby                        * baby and waited for it... waited for it... waited for it to come... and get me! It came alright... The Reaper came, alright... in the middle of the fucking night -- Like a burglar -- Like a worry... I opened my milky mince's and saw... saw Death... The ugly brute of it... It's black mouth... it's cocky eyes... `ungry like the wolf... for me!... My time was up!     I was wanted!... "I'll break you", it said... "I'll fucking' break you!"... I stared at it... hissed at it... spat at it... I raised myself up from the stainy cot with my weak, bony arm... got myself in a proud position -- my spine ramrod straight... It was reaching for me... grabbing at me... laughing at me... "FUCK YOU!", I said... `FUUUCCKK YOOUU!!!!!"SHIT! Now where am I gonna bring chicks to fuck when my Mom’s home? CREDITS - under which we lay out our new world... 3
What IS thlS, a goddamned boys' school? This IS shit. But Chavez Ignores him. reaching !nstead for a long blade hidden In his saddle. He sticks the blade behind him, In his belt, and hurrtes past Billy. And now' Brewer comes walking past. quickly, drawing his Colt. Billy looks back and forth now between Charley. who hustles along with a boot pistol. and Dirty Steve clutching a sawed-off shotgun. Billy looks over at the troop of horsemen approaching Tunstall. Doc passes by him, hlS .50 caliber specialty on his shoulder.
would have fucked your aiater but the bitch WlUII fat/If 'I'm in you neighborhood you better dig a lll0411t/ 'eawse I'm coming over to allt you throat/Blood 1111dripping, I'm not 111lippin' /A bitch' a pantifUI il!I '½ih.at I'm rippin'/I once shot a N.n for 111lurping hi111soup/I onco shot a girl for anoring too loud/I once 111hot:a faggot for w@aring my 111uit/Doo.'t call 111,1 cut111, Don't call DI hlmda01M, I'll
you @~thing, white man. I got up every day at 6:00 a.m. t:o get the 6:45 school bus to go out to wruu:a lietle Johnny live111 who got up at 8:00 a.m. to get to achool for a 9:00 a.m. class. Little Johnny 1111 wide aWl!lke in that firat period cl&•• and I got my hea.d on the de111.k'cauM I'm tired. So they aay little Johnny can read and I can't! Shit,
Now I heard everything. Nosy        I'm not the enemy here. If ass white bitch mad 'cause          h there's something going on at she can't come over my house.        ome that you would like to I don't be coming to this           talk about, you should feel bitch's house in Weschesser.        free to do so here. If you I'll be damned. I done heard        find that the added stress of everything. White bitch wanna       caring for your child is visit. Then I thought about         affecting your concentration, Mr. Wicher all alone up             that would be helpful to against the fools in his maff       know. class ...
Together, these homo ladies        It's called an analogy. For talk like TV channels I don't      example, my uncle Clayton watch. I'm glad Abdul here to      used to smoke like a chimney listen in on 'em tho cause I       and drink like a fish before know they smart.                   he got saved.
I bottle her, tittie him. Bottle more better for kidz. Sanitary. But I never git dried up 'cause Carl always on me. It's like that you know. Chile, man -a woman got bofe. What you gonna do? So we in bed. I put her one side of me on pillow, Carl on other side of me. Ms. Weiss looks as if she's stopped breathing. I think thas the day IT start. So he on me. Then he reach over to Precious! I say Carl what you doing! He say shut your big ass up! This good for her. I say stop Carl stop! I want him on me! I never wanted him to hurt her. I didn't want him doing anything to her. I wanted my man for myself -to sex me up, not my chile. Me God damn it! So you cain't blame all that shit happen to Precious on me. I love Carl, I loved him. He her daddy but he was my man!
Some uppity pussy. There’s a payday here, it’s just a matter of finding it. Pour some drinks, boys, cause tomorrow we got some torturing to do. Flynn and Albert head inside. Hoag stands, staring at the wrecked car and U-Haul. He spits before turning around and walks back to the house. EXT. ABANDONED GAS STATION - DAWN The sun eases over the hills striking the decrepit buildings with morning light. A CB squawks off screen.
Right, how about a bit of magic? You may all know that there are three C’s in the word carpaccio. But how many C’s are in the word cunt?
So off I made it to this 36 hour marathon dance con salsa con Ricardo ‘Suggggggggggar’ Ray on southern boulevard. It was up up up up up stairs and stairs and lotsa hallway wit my colored New Jersey self. Didn’t know what anybody was saying except if dancin waz proof of origin I was jibarita herself that nite. I kept smilin and right on steppin. If he could lead I waz ready to dance. If he couldn't lead I caught this attitude. I'd seen Rosa do and would not be bothered I waz twirlin hippin givin much quick feet and bein a mute cute colored Puerto Rican.
A tavern with red curtains. Bad smells, kissing ladies smiling and dirt sidewalks spitting. Men cursing. Come here bitch. Can’t you see this five dollars. I usedta live in the world. Really be in the world free and sweet talking. Good morning and thank you and nice day. Uh-huh I can’t now. I can’t be nice to nobody. Nice is such a rip-off. I usedta be in the world. A woman in the world I hadda right to the world. Then I moved to Harlem for the set-up of a universe six blocks of cruelty piled up on itself. A tunnel closing. Open your legs.
I was only Faunia hurls her cup of coffee across the room, shattering it and its contents against the cabinets FAUNIA I don't give a fuck that poor Monica can't find a job! Does fucking Monica worry if my back hurts from milking those fucking cows? Does she worry about me sweeping up people's shit at the fucking post office? You think losing your job when you're about to retire anyway is a big deal, it's not, I hate to tell you. Having your step-father put his fingers in your cunt, that's a big deal; a husband who comes up behind you with an iron pipe and hits you in the head that's a big deal . . .having two kids suffocating and dying, that's a big deal!
. . . Shit, thass him already. Woman Everything is good except that you’re a fucking asshole! Luis Colina presses a button set into an intercom by the door. Luis Colina Okay now don’t yell at me with the guy here. Woman The what guy! The what fucking guy! Luis Colina It’s Ernie. It’s my P.O., man. Child It’s the pee guy!
The bus is halted on a busy street. Ira Sloan gesticulates angrily. Ira Sloan They took away my fucking B-2. What do you think about that. And Clement Greenberg stoled my fuckin piece. Luis Colina Come on, man, I can’t do anything. I’m sorry. Ira Sloan Sorry don’t get me back my B-2. Or my gun. Luis Colina Well I’m sorry. Come on, man, I’m on the job. A puzzled-looking middle-aged business man takes a tentative step out of the bus. Ira Sloan Get back in that bus. Luis Colina
Gardner and Margaret lie in bed. Margaret It would be terrible if he talked to Mitch. Mitch is so hottempered. Gardner He’s not talking to anyone. He’s going to Valley Forge in two weeks. Margaret But is that good enough for these men? We don’t want to antagonize them. Gardner What’re you talking about, I’m not going to just knuckle under to these clowns. They’re goddamn bus drivers. You let me worry about them. Margaret But if they say we have to do something about Nicky, then don’t we have to do something? Gardner Maggie, do you know what they mean by "do something"? Margaret Well, I don’t know. They don’t mean Valley Forge, though. Gardner No they don’t. Margaret Well I don’t know; I just want everyone to be happy. Gardner
A seedy apartment building hallway whose ghastly unshaded fluorescents throw a sheen on the white enamel-painted walls. A door at the back opens and Ira Sloan emerges from his apartment and goes to a door standing ajar near the front of the building and knocks. Tony Janson appears at the open door. Ira Sloan Need to buy another fuckin piece. Janson Okay. Ira Sloan steps in, leaving the door open, and looks around. A shabby ground-floor apartment. Ira Sloan This prick Clement Greenberg stole my piece. Janson Oh no. Want another .38? Ira Sloan Yeah, I’m not, you know, .38, .45, whatever. Whatever you got. I’m not one of these guys where it’s a dick substitute. Janson
Ira Sloan Ah yuh. . . so I can’t count on you people then. Janson This is not Merrill Lynch. Ira Sloan Ah fuck-a-doodle-do. Yeah, okay. Okay. I gotta call a guy then, I gotta go back to the fuckin’ depot—can I use your phone? They detached my, you know, my service. Janson Yeah, sure. You go ahead, use my phone. I got unlimited local usage, I ain’t an asshole about it. Ira Sloan Yeah. Thanks. Fuck. Janson Guns I don’t got unlimited. Phone, yes.
No gold. There is NO GOLD. The window behind Wells reveals sun just catching the peaks, flaming morning gold. Wells grips the phone like a lifeline. EXT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY A mob scene outside. As Wells pulls up in his car, the crowd converges on him. He can barely get his car door open. He squeezes out and pushes through the furious crowd -WELLS I don’t know any more than you do right now! ...But nobody’s hearing him -- PEOPLE shout out: “You fucking thief!” “I’m gonna kill you!” “Where’s our money?!”
You're still here? It's over! Go home. Wait... you expected a tease for Deadpool 2?! Sorry, we're low on dough. But if you can keep a secret, I can tell you who's gonna be in it. Cable! Someone suggested Mel Gibson for the role, buuuut- I was thinking Liam Neeson. Only problem, Liam likes to get paid. And more for Liam means less for me. Maybe we'll crowdfund the shit. Just you and me, kids. Shalom!Back in your own wee cab.
He ain’t gonna fuck with you. EXT. HAYWOOD RANCH. PORCH. MORNING Holst sits on the porch threading film into a camera. Angel rings the bell. INT. HAYWOOD RANCH. HOUSE. OTIS SR’S BEDROOM. MORNING Fully clothed, Em wakes on top of Otis Sr’s bed.
Okay, no OJ, no. No self-respecting nigg.... The walkie fades out. OJ and Lucky slowly continue forward. Nothing in the clouds...yet. INT. HAYWOOD RANCH. INDOOR ARENA. SECURITY ROOM. DAY Em’s pissed. EXT. HAYWOOD RANCH. VALLEY BASIN. DAY OJ, on Lucky, passes the motorcycle. The guy is mangled. Lucky stops short. He doesn’t like the mirror.
Lousy Krauts! Let 'em have it, boys!Hello ... Seamus ... I've been here for an hour. I feel like shit •.. I don't know-- did something last night and it must have had something in it ... Yeah, OR. I know that. I'm a million degrees .•. I'm getting in a cab and going back to the hotel-getting a massage. I'll come back and smile tomorrow all they like. She hangs up and curses in Ukrainian. She goes back and leaves the PORTFOLIO case with the PA.
I could hardly piss straight with fear. he was a man with 3/4 of an inch of brain who'd taken a dislike to me. What had I done to offend him? I don't consciously offend big men like this. And this one's a decided imbalance of hormone in him. Get any more masculine than that and you'd have to live up a tree. [he reads the grafitti] 'I fuck arses', Who fucks arses? [aloud] Maybe he fucks arses. [to himself again] Maybe he's written this in some moment of drunken sincerity. I'm in considerable danger in here. I must get out of here at once. [He walks back into the bar.]
Don't do that Miss Blenerhassit. I'm warning you Miss Blennerhassit, if you do - you're fired. We are multi-millionaries. we'll buy this place and fire you immediately. Withnail: Yeah, that's right, we'll buy this place and install a fucking duke-box and liven all you stiffs up a bit. P: The police Miss Blenerhassit. Just tell them there are a couple of drunks in the Penryth tea rooms and we'd like them removed.
That is a dog, belongs to the man downstairs. D: Does his dog get in the oven. Withnail: No his dog doesn't come up here. D: Then it was a rodent. Quite freeked me at the time. I was going to cook onions. There was some bald gieser round here the other day reckoned you owed him 235 quid backrent. I told him there was no question of paying rent on a property infested with rodent. Started coming on all bald with me. Withnail: You mean ratty. D: I told him to piss off.
Daddy: Fuckk. You’re insatiable. Lily: Show me how insatiable. CLOSE ON LILY’S FACE: she holds her breath. And then a short video begins to play. A man in a suit stands in front of a bathroom mirror. He begins to unbuckle his belt. Slides his hand down his pants. Lily: [bang emoji] [bang emoji] Daddy: ??? CLOSE ON: Lily’s text: I’m dead. A FLOCK OF BIRDS puncture the SUN. As the CAMERA TILTS DOWN. To find the girls driving around after school. 32
It isn’t the classiest of establishments, Sister. Like maybe you should stay outside but -SISTER IRENE Neither was the stable in Bethlehem but that served its purpose. She enters. After a look, Frenchie and Father Burke follow. INT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - SECONDS LATER Filled with life and song. A stark contrast to to the Abbey. Frenchie pushes through the crowd. Sister Irene and Father Burke follow. SEVERAL WOMEN -- some younger, some older, but all beautiful -- pull at Frenchie: Sit with me, Frenchie. Over here, Frenchie. Go fuck yourself, Frenchie... Frenchie looks back at Sister Irene. Sees her eyeing them suspiciously...
For most people, this video was hot. But for Chris, it symbolized his life. He evaded and survived so many fucking obstacles. Even though his father bailed on him, even though he made bad choices, he was no longer in jail, he was no longer on the corner slanging rock and he was not dead. Just like the video, when you thought you had him cornered, he slipped away. EXT. HYPNOTIZE VIDEO SHOOT - DAYyou gotta tune all these people out and just sing from your gut cause i know you’re trying to help out in there but we only got 45 minutes left or this all gets very expensive. don’t worry yourself too much with the technical stuff anyway because I’ll tell you, those people in there aren’t coming to listen to that fuckin’ bass player riff like he’s Jaco Pastorius. this is your show. remember that and run it, okay?
-bitchHe continues in a normal voice.
You fucking idiot. INT. WAREHOUSE LOW WALL BY THE AR18 CASES Ord watches Martin. His curiosity piqued. INT. UPSTAIRS SECOND OFFICE Frank looks around and sees that he is in a store room. He crawls through the boxes and mops. He stops for a moment exhausted. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine grabs the door handle and twists it. The door opens and she makes her way through. She closes the door behind her. She breathes for a moment. Then she starts on towards the next door.
Uh~l'"! l hnJ trouble g~tti1·,s out of Lille::, ghy di<ln 1t you lcnve me t!lerc? .-.:.d ~hen I was s i.ck in Mar:-;eillcs and h~ld you ·.ip for two wc~'.ks and yo\.: nc.rC' in cianr.;cr every mi:-1ut:e- of t.tie titr' : - t-1hy didr: l t yo:i
Fucking cockroaches. INT. CUNTH’S COMPOUND -- HOLDING CELL -- NIGHT Vicki has freed herself from the chair, but her hands are still tied behind her back. She lies on the floor, swings her legs over her head and gnaws at the rope on her wrists. INT. CUNTH’S COMPOUND -- MACHINE ROOM -- NIGHT MacGruber and Piper hunker down as they’re shot at. Piper has an AK-47 in one hand and an Uzi in the other. MacGruber is holding twine and a bottle cap.
CANADIAN PUSSY IS MIGHTY COLD!
You're a coed eirl~
We don't got time for            Mike. Chill with that. this. Jojo, I'm gonna            No. Don't do it! This kill you, man. I've got          is illegal! He's just fifteen bullets and I'm          a white ganja-smokin' gonna fill your rasta            motherfucker. He ain't ass fulla some hot               worth it. shit...
I’m tired of waiting around for shit to come down. Let’s get out and poke ‘em where they’re at and see what happens. Teardrop helps Ree up off the couch. INT. ROADSIDE BAR - NIGHT A small LOCAL BAND plays in the back. Teardrop sits at the end of the bar scrutinizing the crowd. EXT. ROADSIDE BAR - NIGHT Ree is asleep in Teardrop’s truck. She wakes up and notices Ray standing with two other men in front of the gas station across the street.
WARDADDY aims his assault rifle at the Hitler Youth... BRDDDDT! - Drops him with a burst. Two more HITLER YOUTH decide they are done playing soldier and take off running... BRDDDDT!-BRDDDDT! - Wardaddy smokes the little fuckers too... The four other tanks spread out into a cover formation... The burning tank rolls to a stop. The Driver’s hatch opens. The DRIVER crawls out - Flops on the ground, burning alive, he pulls his pistol from his shoulder holster... BAM! - And shoots himself in the head. Wardaddy and the other three tank commanders scanning for more Germans. All clear. Into radio...
I don’t know what you’re saying. Emma shushes him with a finger. She rolls him on his back and mounts him. INT. FURY - DAY MINUTES LATER - Coon-Ass is screwing the very plump TOWN WHORE. Pig fucking is a better description. Pure mindless carnality. How did she fit in the tank? INT. GERMAN TOWN - WOMAN’S APARTMENT Irma singing in German as she works in the kitchen. Norman exits the bedroom. Looking flushed and content. Wardaddy, now cleaned up, is a different man. Norman sits on the couch. Gathering his thoughts.
And I ain’t your friend. You’re listening ‘cause someone has to hear. The sheriff got called so I shoved Rose and my brother in the truck and drove off like my hair was on fire. Yep, like a real shithead. Pedal to the mat. Hit an ice patch and flipped it. I got thrown and ended up under it. The engine right on my back, cooked me like Sunday’s beef roast. Rose and my brother got their necks broken. Whole country hated me for it. I got the chain gang. I laid roadbeds. Worked cotton. Mule teams. War started and the Judge told me to dies for my country. Best advice I ever got.
Why didn’t you ge- oh my god ‘cause you’re working a job right now. I’m so sorry AndrewANDREW -No no I actually got asked to leave. I got fired fromDOMINO -What? Because oANDREW -No no- I got fired before all this.. I got kicked out becauselong story short this kid was being mean to Lola and Lola is fine but I yelled at a kid and got the boot.
So get comfortable, Minions. Get real, real comfortable. Because this is where you’re going to spend the rest of your worthless little lives.X was born in I911f in Kinasbridae, New York. I came here in July of 1955. Prior to July of 1955. I resided a£ the Brooklyn Psychiatric Centerf Brooklyn. New York. Prior to thatP I was a person. And you. sir.- i Who the* hell >are.*v.ou?       .
Amy, you’re always fucked up. Answer the question. Are you hooking up with other guys? He holds her there for a moment until she finally speaks.
OK, pal. Just tryin’ to help you -BRODY What do you care? You haven’t saved my life yet, so you aren’t responsible for it. Yeahhh the famous Mitch Code! Chinese Fuckin’ Proverb! Only... I looked that shit up on the internet. That’s not even a real thing! You know where that came from?! Some stupid TV show from the 70s called Kung Fu! People whispering now -- Mitch noticing. Is he a little rattled by this revelation? He holds his ground -MITCH My father used to watch that show. Big David Carradine fan. You can find wisdom anywhere...
We gotta get on that motherfuckin’ boat. Brody and Mitch look to each other, dead serious, nodding. Mitch then BURSTS OUT LAUGHING -MITCH I’m sorry, man -- that wig! MOMENTS LATER - ON THEIR WAY OUT Brody passes a FAMILIAR FACE working in one of the glass walled offices. Does a double take. Mitch sees -BRODY Wait a minute. I know her. She was my handler. The one who called my old agent and arranged for me to come out here. She works for Leeds? Mitch nods. And then all of this comes together.
And that was fine and whatever, just it got a little awkward when you were the one who was there at the party with the girl who was on top of the table fucking a ghost. BACK TO MADISON, fucking the air. Her drenched clothes clinging to her body as she grinds. The crowd goes wild, boys touching her, leaving SMEARS OF RED where their hands slide across skin. ON CHERRY, devastated. Watching like a cuckold ass. Having had enough, he turns, walking into-INT. SHOE STORE - DAY The entire shoe store is PAINTED GREY, INCLUDING THE SHOES.
Probably mind my own goddamn business. EXT. US ARMY RECRUITMENT OFFICE - DAY Cherry gets off the bus outside a small storefront. A sign reads, BE ALL YOU CAN BE. Cherry hesitates, heads across the street to-INT. RECRUITMENT OFFICE - LATER Cherry sits across from a man in uniform: the nameplate on his desk reads “SERGEANT WHOMEVER”-SERGEANT WHOMEVER So what makes a joker like you want to join the Army? FREEZE-FRAME ON WHOMEVER--
Son of a bitch. Roy walks around and opens the trunk of the car. He's looking for something. He finds it. He fumbles with it for a moment. CLOSE ON ROY - He brings right hand up into frame. He now has a prosthetic hand on over "the hook." Not the best, but pretty good. He looks at the rubber hand and smiles. CLOSE ON HAND - On the third finger the big, tacky ring which reads: STATE AMATEUR CHAMPION 1979. Roy grabs a clipboard and walks to the entrance of the bowling alley. INT. LANCASTER BOWL
That’s what I was afraid--Wait, I don’t know if you were saying “fuck you” or answering the question.
he ain't shit if he couldn't run me to Kmart ... he talking about he didn't have no ga·s ... I said mothafucka you got gas to run yo ass anywhere ~ wanna go! ... he was just standing there looking stupid as hell ... then I just told him ... I said Smokey yo• skinny ass need to do something for your momma sometimes ... then he had the nerve to ask his own momma for gas money ... yes he .did. talking about •My car run on gas not ass, momma• Honey, we get to the gas station and he won't me to pump ... yes, and them fucking crackheads surround yo car like roaches ... I said get the fuck away from me.
Just finished a bid out in Jackson. Uh. Taylor’s expecting me to come through... he here? INT. TATTERED HOUSE - WESTLAND - NIGHT A SHIT HOLE topped off with a brand new PS4 and FLAT-SCREEN. Cigarette-burned furniture everywhere. JUNKIES loiter like zombies. Filthy. Swimming in drug paraphernalia. Cheery MUSIC plays loudly. Jimmy’s led by a YOUNG GRUBBY WOMAN. Either sleep-deprived or high -- through a gross KITCHEN, passing YOUNG TEENS counting CASH out on a folding table. To a STAIRWELL --
Dutch, Dutch, Dutch, Dutchy... EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - CORKTOWN - CONTINUOUS Jimmy SKIDS through the entrance gate -- moves to tear across the street and hop a fence -- when he -Sees HAL'S TRUCK. Parked up the block. Eli. Inside. FUCK. This can’t be FUCKING HAPPENING -Jimmy turns back to the CONSTRUCTION YARD. The sound of FRANTIC VOICES can be heard. Taylor and his guys. They’re coming this way. They’re gonna spot Eli and they’ll -Unspeakable scenarios spin through Jimmy’s head. He looks once more to his path of escape -- he could go, but he -Turns back. Heads for the truck. Frantic. Trying to force back the overwhelming emotion drowning him -INT. HAL'S TRUCK - NIGHT Eli JOLTS as Jimmy APPEARS at the driver’s side door. Pale. But he sends Eli a big shakey smile. Eli unlocks the door. Jimmy clamors in FAST -JIMMY Whattup kid, ahh... Jimmy STARTS UP the truck without explanation, frantically shifts into drive and PEELS OUT -- SPEEDING AWAY --
Daddy... Loy lets his son back down on the table. A rage reddening his features. He turns his back on the boy. Sarah rushes to his side. Winding two arms around his leg. Sobbing. Loy scoops his daughter up in his arms. Walks toward the back door. And throws is open. Taking a big gulp of the new morning air as a bolt of sunshine falls in a clean stripe across the floor. Hitting Caleb on the face. He moans. Loy and Sarah turn. Their faces widen. The farmboy clutches his face with his hands. The sun hot on his skin. Then something happens. Nothing. His skin isn't burning. There is no smoke. He slowly draws his hands away looking at them unhurt in the light of day. Slowly sitting up. Staring into the daytime sky. Blinking. Hardly believing. He's come home. From the warmth seeping through his haggard features, he's been away a long time. His sister runs to his side. Eyes wandering up to his. His hand strokes her hair. The two of them in the rising flood of sunshine. Tears in his eyes. Loy walks over. Putting his hand on his son's shoulder. Smiling. Spent, wrung-out, but wearing a shiteating grin on his face.
There you go, man. Isn't that better than taking all this shit on the natch? Prendick turns towards the door, stepping out into the night He's deeply troubled. EXT. THE VERANDAH - NIGHT Aissa is waiting for Prendick in the shadows beside the door. As he approaches, she glances up at him, her eyes study glistening.
Getchyour fuckin’ hands off’a — ...but it’s futile. They shove him into the bath and turn on the shower. The cold water takes his breath. He GASPS. Off Jimmy, tired of fighting back... so tired of it all... sinking to the floor of the tub... INT. MIKE’S ROW HOME — GIRLS’ BEDROOM — NIGHT ON CATELYN and LILY, asleep in their bunk beds, signed footballs under their arms. Mike shuts off the light and closes the door. INT. MASTER BEDROOM — NIGHT Mike climbs into bed beside Sarah who is busy cutting and arranging old photos into a collage.
The problem is you’re still in the fuckin’ car. Now get out. CLOSE ON CURTIS: he looks up, just enough to see the pistol against Mike’s head. He freezes, afraid to breathe. Mike nods, opens the car door and steps outside. EXT. COLIN’S HOUSE — CONTINUOUS Colin has the 9MM against Mike’s back. They arrive at the front door. Through the edge of the window shade, Mike glimpses the living room: SEES Kujovic slumped in the armchair, blood dripping from his head onto the floor.
Local scene is several loosely connected groups, gangs, “anarchist collectives,” whatever-the-fuck, comes out of the music and drug scenes. INT. HOUSE SHE GREW UP IN - FLASHBACK - 17 YEARS AGO - DAY The younger Bell, just over her shoulder, breath rising and falling. She moves through a beaten desert house, dark in the daytime. Glimpse of TV flashing, silhouettes on a couch, two young men, unmoving. Her brothers? They pay her no mind. INT. FBI CONFERENCE ROOM - 17 YRS AGO - CONTINUING - NIGHT
Don’t look at him when he’s having a private personal moment, Jesus, it’s pathetic. Mom used to look at me when I was shaving. You know what I did? I grew a beard!!!! So she wouldn’t look at me with “wonder” and “love” when I was fucking shaving! YOUNG JR reaches and picks up DAVID COPPERFIELD. The silhouette on the book is the logo of THE DICKENS. He alerts to this. He opens to a plate with the caption: “My first purchase in the Public House”. He glances over at: Detail:
But why don't I leave" Is it masochism.. perversity, self hUllliliation, .. or is it a proposition? To.put :t s:::iply, vould you gentlemen ccr.s:::er selling out a man "1ho y:uve vorked tor tor the last ten years in exchange tor a very :arge bribe? !!RITCH.ii.RD l1r. Cra.3awell, 'W'e re ::.,~-:..ryers 1
We got the bitch.Namaste, bitches. Prayer hands emoji. A PHOTO of a mouth-watering plate of eggs Benedict.
Maybe you shouldn’t be so comfortable with yourself. You know why? You look like a miniature Tom Petty. How’s that feel? Huh? You think that haircut’s cool? It’s not. It looks like you put your Justin Bieber wig on backwards. You still comfortable with yourself? Why are you wearing a tank top? Huh? So you can show off your bald pits, you little hairless wonder? Cool tank top, man. So next time you think about writing something nasty on my daughter’s Facebook page, just remember me. Remember me. I will come down here, and I will fuck you up. Joseph looks upset.
Yeah, it's really scary to think how far a guy will go to rid this town of crime. DENT meant that as a JAB but GORDON missed it. EXT. FRANKLIN STREET - NIGHT A limo rolls through the darkened streets. As it passes nasty, SKANKY whores fly into a frenzy. They desperately prostrate themselves before the car. ALL BUT ONE. She's different. Confident and attractive where the others twitch and vamp, PITIFUL and HORRID. IT'S SELINA. She's dressed in knee-high black boots, black leather pants, a leather halter top. She wears her wig and carries a whip. INT. THE LIMO - NIGHT
Beats the hell out of me. TABLE
they wanna see this guy Mickey. What makes him tick! Is he like me! The guy wants to tear apart his wife! His best friend he wants to kill. Recent statistics show that more husband-wife beatings take place during and after sports events than at any other...listen, Bill, this is Don King and Muhammed Ali in the Jungle, Michael Jackson at the SuperBowl! The most talked about event in television history. Books will be written ... So?  Who cares, it's a book for chrisakes, who the fuck reads a book. Don Don listen to Jim, talk to Don -- who can stop live TV? Nobody. You blow this and NBC'll be eating your lunch next season, and I'll be there too ... With Letterman.  And you'll be cleaning out gorilla shit and reptile cages in pet stores, you better fuckin' believe me for once.  Cause ... 'cause I am outta here!...I'm out unless...unless yeah...you know...yeah...at least a mill...maybe 2 we're talkin' now...should've signed me a month ago. Peanuts!  Fox was offerin' more.  Lobotomy Bay.  Right...yeah right...
You're one crazy Marine Kovic, so gung ho and everythin9, but you don't ·know shit about what's going on over here in this· country •.• It ain't about Vietnam man ••• Why we fighting for rights over there when we don!t got no rights at home, man, it's about Detroit and Newark man, it's about racism man, about you can't get a job at home ••. Vietnam's a white man's war, a rich man's war •••
Sure you did. But you went because you were curious, because you were flattered. Because it made you feel special to think Duffy wanted to speak to you instead of me. Because you thought to yourself: maybe I can get something out of this. Because it made you feel big. First campaign I ran tiny little race in Kentucky -state senate seat. Workin for redneck nobody named McGuthrie. Had no money, no staff, no fuckin office. Everyone thought we didn't stand a chance. There's no way we can compete. And about this time, a guy running a congressional campaign a few districts over gives me a call. Says, "I really like what you were able to do for poor ole' Sam. But let's face it, he's a goner, so why don't you come work for me?" What do I do? Well Stephen -this is where you and I are different. I told Sam about the call. And Sam says to me, "Paul, you think this other's guy's got a shot at winning, and he can pay you more than anything I can afford, so if it's what you feel you need to do, then I won't get in your way." So I say, "Sam -you took a chance and hired me when I was even more of nobody than you are, and I'd be damned if I'm gonna jump ship just because the shit hit the fan." We lost the race, but three years later, when Sam decided to run for Governor -who do you think he called? We won that race.
I'll bury you alive! Come back, you son of a bitch! I'll kill you with my bare hands! 233. EXT.DAY-STREET 233. Determined Zain runs towards Assad’s market holding the knife steady in his hand. His father, followed by his mother, is running after him. Zain reaches the market. We see several people, most of them little kids, standing in shock and staring. 234. INT.DAY-POLICE STATION 234. A police officer takes handcuffed Zain inside the office. We can see blood stains on Zain’s face and hands.
Look, man, we gotta get somethin' straight here, okay? Kate's a looker. Turns heads at a cockfight, you got fifteen grand ridin' on the wrong rooster. Glad she's my sister. Love her, okay? Wouldn't mind you two gettin' together, my sister, my best friend. But Frankie's got this thing 'bout Kate hangin' out with guys work for 'im. Got this plan to marry 'er off to an Irish Pope or somethin'. Just the way it is with Frankie. CLOSEUP - TERRY
...tired of this shit! Show me some motherfuckin’ fifteen foot monster buggin’ out in the WHITE man’s neighborhood, somebody’d be... He turns and sees HULK...stops cold...Looks back at Abomination...I never thought I could be a real model, you know fashion-shit, cause I'm better at full body stuff It.8 okay so long as the photographer doesn't come on to you and expect something for no pay I'm trying to make a living, you know, and I like to be professional 'Course if the guy wants to pay me, then shit/yeah. Here I am for him. I'll sell my ass, I do it on the street all the time for cash. And I'll be on the cover of a book. It's when you start doing it for free that you start to grow wings, Right, Mike?
I ain't your goddamn sister.   We ain't got the same mother, motherfucka. Carla fires one final parting salvo of obscenities, then sags back among the women. Carla starts to cry. Jackson comforts her; Carla responds, lets herself be comforted. CUT TO: 66   EXT. DOWNTOWN - FINANCIAL DISTRICT - DAY Jackson, back in her normal daytime wear, exits a building. She gets into Nico's car.
With my eyes I done seen some crazy things in these streets. Gotta couple hos working on the changes for me. But I gotta keep my game tight like Kobe on game night. Like takin from a ho don't know no better, I know that ain't right. The same people killed the same people deal. The same people live in poverty with no meals. It's fucked up where I live but this is how it is. It might be new to you but it's been like this for years. It's blood sweat and tears when it comes down to this shit. I'm trying to get rich before I leave up out this bitch. I'm trying to have things but it's hard for a pimp, but I'm praying and I'm hoping to God I don't slip
High hat! Put some high hat shit on top! Right there with the kick. It should go like, boom, boom, tack •.. ba-TEEK! With a deep sigh Yevette looks at Key's empty chair. She then shakes the sorrow away, laces her fingers and bows her head. Shug is laying down in the bathtub covered in blankets. Key is adjusting a mic positioned over her.
canLt. Who gives·adamn ••• t.isten,. I only got about two more years that are worth a· fuck ••• what do r.have. a- futureCome on., you. te11 me • • • A belly hangingdawn, fi 'le kids, DO father- •• • clirt al:l the floor and walls, coc.tc%oaches in t."l.e cupboards • • • I'll tell yau what .I want. I: want
You been fucking shot, man. ‘I like tomato.’ Jesus Christ. Shaking his head at that, Shan bends in with the X-ACTO BLADE to start his work and SLONE BUCKLES IN WHITE-HOT AGONY. CUT TO BLACK. INT. BEDROOM - MARIUM HOME - NIGHT Susan lays curled on her side as Marium draws her covers up. Bends low to kiss her on the cheek, gently strokes her hair. She looks at him with a serious kind of adoration. She whispers something to him that we cannot hear. He smiles and whispers something back. INT. HALLWAY - MARIUM HOME - NIGHT As Marium backs out of the bedroom, quietly closing the door on the darkened room, he pauses, hearing... A faint CLINKING of dishes from elsewhere in the house. INT. KITCHEN - SAME Marium appears in the doorway, seeing that-Core is washing the dishes. Trying to be quiet about it. Marium joins him, pours TWO GLASSES of whiskey, hands one to Core. They clink glasses, not merrily, and drink. And then Marium starts to dry the dishes, put them away as Core rinses them. As they work...
Teddy - dcn't y0u get it? i:asnv's the underd09. I dcn't give a shit hew much money he's get, a rich guy like Pcr:ester - where's he g0nna get a jury cf his peers. Eis ~•ers, fer C~rist's sake he's 90nna get a bunch cf pe0ple who hate hu fer what he's get. '!'!:COY
I'm calm. I'm calm. You just shut the fuck up. And listen... CUT TO: EXT. ROAD - DAY The PANTHER VAN heads down the road, sticking out like a sore thumb. EXT. ROAD - DAY POV: Through the windshield of a police vehicle. The VAN crosses the screen right to left. Starting forward, the police car following at a safe distance. INT. PANTHER VAN - DAY TYRONE'S driving as Judge sits -- preoccupied -- in the passenger seat. Suspicion hovers between the two. GENE's in back next to a load of NEWSPAPERS.
It's me Brimmer. Get the fuck out of here. Judge BOLTS out of the toilet. Brimmer FIRES over his head. Judge runs fast through the weeds, up the hill. THE ROOKIE COP sprints around the corner, AIMING at Judge. Brimmer BUMPS him. The shot fires wide. Judge DISAPPEARS over the hill. EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY REPORTERS swarm the steps. DORSETT, basking in the camera's glow, smugly addresses them.
Couldn’t go to the police. They’d never believe a -Loki leans him further over the edge -- DUNN SCREAMS -LOKI I spent six years in the Huntington Boys’ Home, father -hurting a fuck like you would be a real treat for me! Dunn shakes his head, tears streaming -FATHER PATRICK DUNN I DON'T KNOW HIS NAME! Came to me for confession. Killed sixteen children, he said. Bragged about it. I convinced him to come back here. He was going to kill more. He wouldn’t tell me his name. Loki rolls his eyes, yanks Dunn back from the edge -LOKI Right. Sixteen children huh? I think he was just trying to impress a fellow pervert scumbag -come on, time to go. 54A
So I picked up a few things. And I’m trudging back up the god-damn hill. It was fucking hot out. I’m cursing my back, I’m cursing my feet, I’m cursing all of god-damn humanity -- when it hit me. The whole thing. I sat down at my desk. Two hours later there it is. The most reviled story the New Yorker ever printed! And all I could think was, god-damn I forgot to put the ice-cream up. I’m gonna have to face that Satanic hill again. HOWLS of LAUGHTER flood the room. A tragically DRUNK CAD cozies up on an arm of the couch.
A major figure in American realism. You know, we really should have gone for American realism. I mean, let's have more fuckin’ realism. I mean, shouldn’t I be teaching you things? I know all you’re here for is a sufficiency of English credits, but Jesus if I’m here I ought to be doing better. I ought to be doing better but I can’t be fucked. Just write down that he saves the sixth shot symbolically for himself, and you won’t find it referenced anywhere because I’m the only one who thought of it. It’s in a monograph somewhere that got me into this situation. LAMAR watches: is the teacher cracking up? But then he gets a text and looks at it.
That's not how you fucking spell it. He shoulders out of the room. CUT TO: EXT. JIM’S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY A WOMAN in a business suit and high heels is struggling to put the twin stakes of a metal a “For Sale” sign into the earth through the ground cover just off Jim’s driveway. INT. JIM’S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY JIM — purposeful, dressed, shaved — watches a BOOKSTORE GUY with a gray ponytail examining a book, writing down a price in a buckled notebook, and then putting the book into a box. He is pricing out Jim’s library.
Two years- two fucking years of my lifeHEATHER I told you I didn’t- I wasn’t ready for a relationshipGABBI TWO YEARS AGO. WE LIVE TOGETHERHEATHER Then you can move out, I just thinkGABBI You WHORE, I HATE YOU, I can’t- I can’t evenHEATHER I really think you should go, you’re out of controlGABBI You’re just gonna- no! You’re not kicking me out because I’m mad at you, I- I have a right- I have a
She fuckin’ dumped me manBRENDAN You weren’t even togetherCORY But she dumped me anyway, I didn’t even know she could do it until she did, and for that- for that evil goth pin-up model, what the ballsBRENDAN Look it doesn’t matter if it was for her ex, or someone new, listen to me- it doesn’t matter if it was for the worst person in the world, or the best, she did what she felt like she needed to do to be happyCORY NO! Okay, NO! I don’t want to be complicated! I’m sick of feeling like I’m too smart or screwed up or stupid or anything to just go after what feels good. I want to know what I want, I want to not be so afraid of making a mistake that I stop myself from chasing something that pulls me in, and I don’t care if the relationship is doomed, I don’t care if all relationships are doomed, when you feel something and you want it and you- you don’t care stopping yourself and holding back and being a fucking grown up, it’s all bullshit! THIS ISN’T FAIR!
Ben plants his heel in Travis’s chest and launches himself backward over the railing, out of the grip of Victor and Snatch. Travis is knocked back on his ass onto the pavement. EXT. KENDUSKAEG STREAM - CONTINUOUS Ben tumbles down the culvert, fetching up hard against a fallen tree. He picks himself up as -TRAVIS I’m gonna cut your tits off! I swear to fucking God. Travis leaps over the railing with the knife, Victor, Snatch and Hockstettler right behind. Ben darts off across the water into a thicket of woods.
Mike gets kicked in the head. Damn, that hurt. Pushed to the brink, he forgets what the fuck he just saw. Grabs a fistful of meat and -Whips it up at Travis and his Boys. Covers them in blood and ribbons of lamb and beef. Mike tries to scramble away but -Belch hooks him by the collar. Throws him back down into the gravel. Travis jumps on top. Grabs a handful of gravel and -WHAM! Travis gets hit HARD in the face with a rock. That’ll leave a nasty wound that won’t go away for the rest of our story. Attention snaps over to the -LOSERS. Standing like saviors. Holy shit.
Lovely ladies                     Lovely dentures guaranteed to Waiting in the dark.              bite Ready for a thick one             They clean up real easy Or a quick one in the park.       You can take them out at night HEAD WHORE                 Lovely teeth dear shining Long time, short time             like the stars Anytime my dear!                  I'll whip em out quite Cost a little extra               quickly If you want to take all year      And I won't leave any scars.
Making up the weight Picking up their knick-knacks When they can't see straight Everybody loves a landlord Everybody's bosom friend! I do whatever pleases - Jesus! Won't I bleed'em in the end!
Oh run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Nigger run nigger flew Nigger tore his shirt in two Run run the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Nigger run, run so fast Stoved his head in a hornets nest Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Nigger run through the field Black slick coal and barley heel Run nigger run the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Some folks say a nigger won't steal I caught three in my corn field One has a bushel? And one has a peck One had a rope and it was hung around his neck Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Oh nigger run and nigger flew Why in the devil can't a white man chew Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away Hey Mr. Pattyroller don't catch me Catch that nigger behind that tree Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you? Run nigger run well you better get away Nigger run, run so fast Stoved his head in a hornets nest Run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you Run nigger run well you better get away
Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look... I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful women.. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. .. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything... Faces and bodies, a female student, African-American, 20s, listens to her music... MEGAN TWOHEY, 39, attractive, tall, American, strong, heads towards the subway, we see her face,
He's the meanest son-of-a-bitch there is. If he was a dog I'd take him out and shoot him. That's all you need to know. INT. HORSE BARN - DAWN Where Dalton assembles some gear to take to town -throws running clothes, ankle weights, etc. into a gym bag, whi~h he throws over his shoulder. Climbs down the ladder from the loft. EXT. HORSE BARN Dalton climbs into the Buick. Pulls away, down the dirt road to the main road ... passes the rancher Emmet. They exchange a wave. Dalton follows the road as it circles next to the brook, then looks off to his right ... EXT. ROAD LEADING TO WESLEY'S ENTRANCE - DALTON'S POV
Listen, I know ya kinda busy now, but I just wanna tell ya something I never told ya. What :l seen ya do here, what I seen ya give up, and what ya gotta do next -- all this, y'Jcnow, makes you look great to me -I know 1 act stupid sometimes and say stupid things, but you letting me stay with ya all these years, a lotta people woulda just said get ridda that bum, but ya give me respect -It's hard to say these things •cause I'm not this way, but if I could un~ip myself and step out and be somebody else, I'd wanna be you ••• Ya all heart, Rocke.
I’m trying my best. For that kid. But I’m in pain like a motherfucker man. CUT TO: INT. VISTA MOTEL - BEDROOM - NIGHT Otis timidly walks towards Little Q. She reaches out her hands. He rests his on top of hers... She turns hers over quickly to try to slap his. They laugh and play. Innocent but flirty. She looks at him. She leans in closer and softly kisses his cheek. She closes her eyes. He kisses her eyelid. She opens her eyes and runs her hand down his face. Feeling emboldened he takes off his shirt. They lay in bed. Otis finds a way under her arm. Little Q holds him like a mother. Gives him warmth. Otis nuzzles like a tomcat. He has an idea. He gets up and pulls out money from the nightstand. He gets back in bed and looks her in the eyes. He rubs her face like she rubbed his. He takes her hand and places the money inside. He gets up and leaves. We don’t know where to. She looks down at the money... CUT TO: EXT. REHAB - WOODS - DAY - 2005 Otis is alone in the woods. He walks for awhile and takes a deep breath. He grabs a walking stick. FLASHBACK TO:
.•• The revolution you talking about . .• When it happens •.. an' it's gonna happen •.. Then you gonna be working here for real •.• not jus' foolin' around' playin' in the water ••. An' I'm gonna be in that office over there dockin' you every time your white ass is late ••• You understan' what kind of revolution we gonna have now? •.• We gonna run your white ass and you all get to sing 'We shall overcome' in Chinese ••••
I told you we were gonna bring our girl home! And that is exactly what we did. We promised justice and when we make a promise in Oklahoma we keep it, don’t we?! Claps of the crowd. Sharon looks to Bill, rolls her eyes...fucking politicians. Bill smiles, continues listening.Dog walks out of his yard, he gets the shit shocked out of him.
So much terror, all your life. Delicious. You do Shine - that’s the word you like, isn’t it? And so does the little bitch. But honey, neither one of you can hold a candle. To me. She releases his neck, GRABBING HIS HEAD with fingers asFucking pussy. The other two seniors, IAN and JASON, laugh. The three boys continue down the hallway. Luke stays leaning against the wall, holding his face with both hands. INT. LAURA’S CAR - DAY - MINUTES LATER Laura sits at the steering wheel of an SUV parked outside the high school. Teenagers boisterously cross the street in front of her vehicle, shouting at each other.
Red, it's Franklin Bean! Turn around, get the cuss back here, and pick us up on the
Number One: Get a calendar.  I cannot stress this enough.  This is a simple item guys.  It's 99 cents at your corner store: Go And Get One.  Fuck it, if you reach into your packet, you'll see I've been nice enough to include one, 'cause that's the kind of prick I am -- You're gonna need this calendar and I know it sounds like a small thing, but having it makes all the difference in the world: If you meet a girl and you're gonna work an A-3 Interuption -- let's say an eight day waiting period before the next call -- how you gonna know when those eight days are up?  Buy a calendar. Next move?  Mark the calendar. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  What did I pay my eight hundred dollars for?  To hear Frank tell me to buy a calendar and mark it?  Just stick with me and stick by the calendar.  Mark it up -- use it to set goals -- If you wanna make that "friend" something else -- you gotta be hard on yourself, set goals:
For Chrissakes... when is this thing gonna get started? I left my kids at Chuckie-fucking-Cheese and it's gonna close in an hour. What kind of piece of shit seminar is this? Domino looks at her watch and sighs. INT. HAWTHORNE COMMUNITY CENTER -- LOBBY -- MOMENTS LATER Domino comes into the lobby. Choco is no longer at the table. Domino sighs impatiently... looking at her watch. INT. WOMEN'S BATHROOM -- MOMENTS LATER Domino is applying LIPSTICK in the bathroom mirror. There is a LOUD GROANING NOISE coming through the wall. Domino's eyes dart over to the wall. She puts her ear to the wall as the GROANING
Would you like a lapdance? Tonight we have a two for one deal for these luscious tits. Locus smiles up at her. INT. OLYMPIC GARDENS -- PRIVATE ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER Lashandra leads Locus into the private LAPDANCE ROOM. Domino and her crew are waiting there. Choco grabs him and slams him against the wall. Domino slaps on the handcuffs. INT. OLYMPIC GARDENS -- NEXT Domino and Ed follow Choco and Locus through the club. She notices Ziering and Green sitting at the BAR. Ed grabs Domino by the arm and points over at them.
Station, which was kind of pretty. Stayed with some friends in someone's basement. Smoked a lot of hash in Amsterdam too, but lost most of my stash in some museum. The museums were cool, I guess. Lots of Van Goghs and the Vermeers were intense. Wandered around, bought a lot of pastries, ate some intense waffles. The Dutch all know English so I didn't have to speak any Dutch, which was a relief. Wanted to rent a car but couldn't. The people I was staying with had bikes though, so I went biking one day and I saw a lot of cows and geese and canals. I pulled off to the side of the road, got stoned and fell asleep, woke up, wrote a little, took some acid, made a few drawings, and then went to the red light district in Den Haag, because I heard the whores are cleaner and better looking than the whores in Amsterdam -- which they were. I fucked one so hard that I skinned my knees. Ate lunch at a Burger King, which was better and no more expensive than the States. Stayed in the Amsterdam Youth Hostel where there were some cool German guys who spoke better English than I do. We bought some coke and I cruised the red light district until I found a brunette with big tits that reminds me of KJ. I gave her a hundred Guilders. She worked me up, mounted me, put on a good show, and in the end she pulled me out and I came between her tits -- even though I’m wearing a rubber. Afterward we made small talk about AIDS, her Moroccan pimp, and herself. I wake to the sound of a wino singing. It is eight AM and hot as blazes. Had a beer and then headed South to Paris. Climbed the Eifel Tower with this Canadian guy named Tim for only seven Francs because the ticket machine was broke. Got the hang of the Subways. Told Tim to get lost. Met a French girl who’s going to Camden. I think she gave me mono. Went to Pamplona for the running of the bulls. Never saw one bull but I almost got trampled by the crowd. Dropped acid at the Museo Gala-Dalí, which was a trip. Went to the lamest circus ever, a goat and two guys on unicycles. Went to Nice and ate Mexican food at a place called Calexico -- or Mexicali. Then went to Switzerland where I, ironically, couldn’t find anyone who had the time. Took the Glacier Express to Zermatt, the Matterhorn, and found out that I could ski it, which, when you’re there, you have to do -- but I didn’t have gloves so I used socks instead and froze my hands. It was slushy but fun. Ate some Sourdough bread that tasted like it was made with sour milk. Eurail Pass’d into Italy and accidently slept through Florence. Ended up in Rome which was big and hot and dirty. It was just like L.A., but with ruins. I went to the Vatican but couldn’t get in because I was wearing shorts. I could get into the Sistine Chapel, which now that it’s been cleaned looked fake. At the train station I met two girls from Germany who I drank warm beer with. They’re living for a full year on only nine dollars a day. I tease them and then turn the couchette into a huge bed and we all fuck. I wake dirty and tired in Brindisi, which is hot and filthy. I go with the German girls to get a ferry to Greece, but we have to take different boats because I’m on Eurail and
I don't want this responsibility! Tears run down her face.   She's dead fucking serious. Gabriel lets go of Jeep.   He falls to the ground, gasping desperately for air.He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I ' m a middle-aged high- school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me.no, no, no. Have you during your nothina caele~alifl> with · us? This is tabloid trash • • • irresponsible are you scare mongering. What to say here? That Death is trying the greatest serial killer o! all time? This really suckll, Steve.
So, why did you move away from him? If my whole family moved away on me, I'd have a heart attack, too. She goes into her bedroom and slams the door. INT. BEDROOM Cindy is loading clothes into an open suitcase on the bed. INT. ROOM. DOORWAY Miles is standing in the doorway. his sleepy ass.
You can go fuck yourself for the
Well, you're here now. Right! Gather your things. You're coming with us, you dirty perverts. EXT. TURTON’S. YORK. NIGHT. The club is in a dark side street. The men are loaded in to the Black Marias, Thomas among them. On the other side of the road Ellis is watching from the car. INT. LIBRARY. DOWNTON. NIGHT. Supervised by Carson, Molesley and Andy dispense coffee and drinks. Violet is with Isobel. She drops her voice.
Well meet me, Jesus, meet me Meet me in the middle of the air If these wings should fail me, Lord Won‘t you meet me with another pair Well, well, well So I can die easy Well, well, well So I can die easy Jesus gonna make up My dyin‘ bed Lord in my time of dyin‘ Don‘t want nobody to cry All I want you to do Is to take me when I die Well, well, well So I can die easy Well, well, well So I can die easy Jesus gonna make up My dyin‘ bed There is a big round of applause. To everyone‘s astonishment, Bobby Lee Baker stands up and without a look back walks right out of the club.
If I had a bell I‘d ring-a-ding-ding it in the mornin‘ I‘d ring-a-ding-ding it in the evenin‘ All over this land I‘d ring-a-ding-ding out danger I‘d ring-a-ding-ding out warnin‘ I‘d ring-a-ding-ding out love between My brothers and my sisters All over this land If I had a song You can just bet I‘d sing it in the mornin‘ And I‘d sing it in the evenin‘ All over this nutty old land I‘d sing out danger I‘d sing out warnin‘ I‘d sing out love between My brothers and my sisters All over this land
Will you quit fuckin’ doin’ that. You’re makin’ me nervous. There’s no one at HoJo’s. Shit. Doug ignores him and goes back to loading bags. INT. MASS GENERAL - ER - TWENTY MINUTES LATER Frawley walks in squeaking wet shoes, showing his creds -then walks to one of the curtained bays. INT. ER BAY Krista sits in the padded visitor’s chair, gauze wrapped around her forehead, a bright red bloom over her eye. Blood spatters her shirt and jeans.
I didn’t even ask toThey start pulling away. Melanie waves bye andEXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY Cole walks home alone from the bus stop. He turns around when the familiar sound of bicycles emerge from behind him. THREE KIDS on bikes. He hates these jerks, but what are you gonna do. JEREMY is the leader. He’s fourteen. So he’s cool as shit. Don’t even worry about his friend’s names. They’re not important, because they’re not Jeremy.
Ain’t a decent steak between the whole lot of those sorry sons of bitches. Toby watches his brother, senses the storm brewing. Knows silence is the best weapon against it. Tanner shakes his head at the crumbling house. For the first time, he isn’t smiling. He jumps back on the porch and walks inside. Toby rubs his sunburned temples, sighs, then stands and follows. INT. HANSON RANCH HOUSE -- CONT. Toby comes through the front door. The furniture is at least thirty years old. Boxes are stacked everywhere. We see a SUIT laying across a chair at the dining room table. On the table is a PAMPHLET from a funeral -- black and white photo of an old woman on the front. The color version of that photo hangs on the wall. Beside the pamphlet is a FIRST TAXES BANK folder with numerous loan papers sprawled around it. Tanner steps out from the kitchen. Looks around.
YO, BABY! YOU EVER HAVE YOUR ASSHOLE LICKED BY A FAT MAN IN AN OVERCOAT?!
Shut up, Brewster! Shut up! For years- You don’t talk and now you can’t shut your mouth up. Damn you Brewster! You wouldn’t understand. You couldn’t understand. Not if you tried your whole life- She loves him.NO! NO! NO! You decided he needed private school...lemme talk to Knuckles. He's not? Tell'em the phone works both ways. Oh he's my son because you need a tuition check...that's great Deana. I'm glad you tracked me down in Orlando at 7 in the fucking morning to shake me down for money. Does he even like the fucking school? No I've never seen it. Yeah I wonder why not too. I gotta 9 o'clock flight, sit tight 'till I get back to Atlanta. How am I a liar? What? No, I'll call you.
I should eat something first. But what? Anything but fucking taquitos. No, I’ll eat when he’s dead. I’ll eat over his rotting body. Where am I anyway? Sounds like the city. Doesn’t matter where I am, I’ll find him. I’ll know when it’s him and I’ll rip out his tongue. I’ll break his neck and watch him beg for death. More slides: Gus reciving his First Communion in church. Then a horrific snarling werewolf. Then a happy face.
Hey Julie, how many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Dig!  Dig faster!  I want every black hearted, worm infested, son of a bitch that ever died in battle! We'll storm their castle and take the book!  Then my lads, eternal life shall by ours! 469	STOP MOTION ANIMATION - THREE SKELETONS					469 hoist up a stone casket from the ground and with rusted swords pry it open, releasing another skeleton who stands to join their ranks. 470	TWO ARMORED SKELETONS								   470 push a bruised Sheila to her knees before Evil Ash. 471	CLOSE ON SHEILA									    471 looking up to Evil Ash in fear. His boney finger comes down into frame and strokes her lovely cheek.  She pulls away in revulsion.
Hey, Cora. Why don't you go learn your lines! Hey Scriptgirl, are you finally going to pay attention here?! Hey, focus puller, you want to make a movie or get stoned?! Huh, I got some great fuckin' Thai Stick here! Hey Wolf, you pretentious, beret- wearing motherfucker! I saw your reel, man; it sucked! Who the hell would hire you anyway! Hey Wanda, next time can you wear a shirt that's a little more distracting to my actors!
We need a quarter! Get a fuckin’ quarter out! They scramble for the toll. Coney finds one and practically throws it at the guy, barreling through the booth. EXT. TRIBOROUGH BRIDGE / INT. LIONEL’S CAR - DAY AERIAL VIEW: Their car blasts around slower moving cars on the bridge, revealing THE EAST RIVER AND THE NEW YORK SKYLINE with the late afternoon sun in our eyes. LIONEL’S EYES:
I made it through Iwo Jima, motherfucker! You think your boss scares me? You tell him I see any you suits round her again I’ll kill you one at a time, then I’ll mail what he’s lookin’ for to the Post for free! His guys start pulling him off...freaked out a bit. POV: from down the alley around the edge of a corner, someone is watching Billy and his boys over Lionel...and listening... LIONEL’S POV: drunk and blurry, BILLY leaning over
No! Stop saying that! No. This is exactly why the caste system is total shit. The kind of shit Mukesh believes in. He tried to stop Ashok from marrying me! Yeah. Fuck him... fuck this.. KITCHEN - LATER Balram picks up a silver tray and looks at his warped reflection. He flashes his teeth: stained from paan. His uniform: filthy. She was right, he’s a dirty hick. EXT. STREET MARKET - NIGHT
Is that how much you paid the opposition party you fucker? 40 lacs, Monday night, the Sheraton Hotel. 4 million rupees! Balram takes that in. EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - DUSK Balram finds a wrench. He feels its weight. The wind blows garbage, a whirlwind of filth around him. CRACK! He swings the wrench into a concrete block. Again CRACK - imagining what it would be like to do it. INT. GARAGE OUTSIDE BALRAM’S ROOM; DELHI - NIGHT Balram enters, surprised to see a Dharam waiting.I hear they don't live past sixty, and they kill each other for money, and some of them sex with their own kin. Maddox!
I was good material. That’s why you stuck around and fought for me and loved me. Because it was a story. It was a world of emotions you weren’t weren’t used used t to o see seeing ing so fucking fucking close. And because I was 20 years old. Because I had never been loved the way you loved me, or thought you loved me, I didn’t realize what I was to you. A movie. A fucking tragedy. That you could continue watching watching as lo long ng as you were there there for me. And tonight while sitting in the theater I watched the whole thing play out. So don’t pretend like it was a selfless act. It’s literally the the basis of your art. And it’s reason allfucking these people are calling you brilliant and brave and fearless. She taunts him.
Still no one can explain to me why in the fuck Billy Wilder made The Spirit of St. Louis and lionized that Nazi bastard Lindbergh. Or why Ida Lupino loved film noir and violent male characters. And why Ed Wood wore panties and made B films about Space Aliens. Or why Elaine May was fascinated by emotionally stunted men? Did she see herself in them? Did she hate them in life but want to unders understand tand them through through work? work? Is the fact fact that that Jenkins Jenkins isn’t gay the thing that made Moonlight a more universal story? Or was being gay, the reason Cukor empathized with women more than men? It’s all a fuc fucking king mystery. mystery. What drives an artist? What drives a filmmaker?
Stop it. Mars rakes the claws slowly between her breasts as Jennifer finds the knife in her shorts. She jerks free the blade and stabs blindly burying the knife high in his chest, but Mars doesn't even step back -He grips the handle, moaning hideously as he pulls out the knife. A red flower blossoms from the wound. Jennifer tries to get past him, but he grabs her throat and pins her to the wall -MARS You're going to enjoy this. He raises the knife to her face -INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT The scream from the laundry room having scared the shit out of Dennis, he has his gun out -DENNIS Who's that? Goddamnit, who's there? Dennis turns on his flashlight and sweeps the beam across the kitchen -Kev?
Listen up -- the real reason Rocky lost last time was he wasn't mentally prepared -- But this time he will be a different man -- Clubber Lang didn't win the championship, he borrowed it ... And I want to say to Lang, he better be ready to fall like the space creature that he is ... That's right, Lang, you're so plug ugly that you give ugly a bad name!! The world's got enough pollution without this bum polluting it worse! ... You hear that, Flubber, Blubber, or whatever your absurd name is? I! You've got my man Rocky aggravated,. so, boy, you better watch out! REPORTER 4fo5
.·>Marriage is diff~r~nt:. Wh~n a man finally breaks down aridJnarries your ass, he's made the decision to . •-settle down. That>':s vyhy ritg'gas·try to hold that shit' 'off rto the 'l-ast · possible minute. Not only that, he's even made: ,ai vow to· God, and in front:·• of, his pee:f/jle,s,~::that•·; he' s gonna·settle·downl !:•Nowhow that· shit works in tJ:ie:10&0:nqtun ·remains to be seen. For both y'all~ ·sut·that's a. whole thing., i :But 'this, I'm different your girlfriend you're my boyfriend Mickey Mouse m~ss?
Then, in eighth grade, I started going out with my first boyfriend, Kyle, who was totally gorgeous but he moved to Indiana, and Janis was, like1 weirdly jealous of hi.~. Like, if I olew her off to hang out with Kyle she would be like, "Why didn't you call me back!?" And I would be, like, "Why are :l('OU so obsessed with me?" So then my birthday was an all-~irls ~ool party and I was like, I cant invite you, ~anis, because I think you're a lesbian. I mean, I couldn't have a lesbian there. Girls were going to be in their bathing suits. I mean, right? Then her mom called my mom and was, like, velling at her. . It was so retarded and then in the fall when we started high school all her hair was cut off and she was totally weird and now I think she does heroin.
And that was fine and whatever, just it got a little awkward when you were the one who was there at the party with the girl who was on top of the table fucking a ghost. BACK TO MADISON, fucking the air. Her drenched clothes clinging to her body as she grinds. The crowd goes wild, boys touching her, leaving SMEARS OF RED where their hands slide across skin. ON CHERRY, devastated. Watching like a cuckold ass. Having had enough, he turns, walking into-INT. SHOE STORE - DAY The entire shoe store is PAINTED GREY, INCLUDING THE SHOES.
Probably mind my own goddamn business. EXT. US ARMY RECRUITMENT OFFICE - DAY Cherry gets off the bus outside a small storefront. A sign reads, BE ALL YOU CAN BE. Cherry hesitates, heads across the street to-INT. RECRUITMENT OFFICE - LATER Cherry sits across from a man in uniform: the nameplate on his desk reads “SERGEANT WHOMEVER”-SERGEANT WHOMEVER So what makes a joker like you want to join the Army? FREEZE-FRAME ON WHOMEVER--
Look, you the offense, why do you think we work on the blitz package all week? We've lost two quarterbacks in one half of football 'cause our line can't pick up a goddamn backside bandit on max protection!! You and I know this is goddamn stupid football, and you're stressing this shit outta me! We've worked on the calls over and over again but you have no goddamn focus or concentration! McKenna, keep your head on a swivel, you've got to slide out there and pick up that robber -- roll up those outside linebackers! Beamen, know your site adjustments! Sanderson and Fox will break off their routes but you have to deliver it on time. We've had two goddamn turnovers this half, you guys are dumping on my turnover ratio. You the defense, you've got to create something out there, you've got to start flying around the fucking ball and hitting somebody. Don't let these assholes chew up the clock on us! On first down, they're killing us with the weakside slant. Corners, when we put eight in the box, you've got to jam the receivers, take 'em on, you're hesitating! If you're gonna make a mistake, go on! Make it a big one! I'm not gonna eat your lunch for that, but don't fuck around like pussies at a pee party, you hear me?!... P.J., Mac, Beast Man, Horny, Shark! One, two yards less each time and they'll be two and eight instead of two and six! Stuff the goddamn run. They're killing us! No more stupid penalties, okay?! Concentrate. Focus. We're only down by three points. We can win this mother! I'm sick and tired of losing! Are you?! Three losses in a row.
Make yourself at home in 'The Pit,' Dawg! Blowjobs upstairs. But if you want to hit the skins, trawl the beach. Whatever you do, don't mess up my sheets, cause my old lady's comin' back Tuesday and she gonna kick my butt she see any semen or blood round here!! In a lively mood, Shark stumbles off. Willie makes his way through a packed living room... women immediately perk when they see him, whispering, some predatory... A174
She's de cutest gal in all dis world I know/If you met her you would say it so/Oh, Lulu, Lulu, ev'ry day I pines for you/no other gal will do/All I've got is yours for life, my little, my little yaller Lou/A week ago dat Lou wid anudder nigger flew/took ma money too, all I had/She broke ma heart in two/when I heard dat she had flew/Do you wonder dat I feel so bad?/She told me not to cry 'case she didn't say good bye/but she'd take care of dat red/and nobody would get de cash away from her/She'd keep her word to me she said.
I don't ltnow why you'd feel squeamish about anyt.,ing. Didn't you fellas have to piss and di.:.mpdown a tube in your leg? AURORAlaughs, pats· VERNONon the back. !ie grins broadly and modestly, AORORAlooks at GA.lt.'!ZTTwit., challenge. But GAR.R:ETT,damn him, endures justified ridicu1e wit., some grace.
a:e l!!!l.t"J,t-e.rs h.!.a .cubicl11. We he.ar ·Mina Md Pa·.11 Peter Takea out a .boom pox, ~ets it :'.;)fl h~~ ::,.esk, ~nc ~ran~~. 11 08:rnri. i t .Feels l;;lood to :be ii Gangsta 11 by th~ Getto Boy.ld.ro~ng :them. ou,: Wi t:.h t.l:-~ obscene 1-yr i c-s . ·rh.e mu.!3 ic cont i nueE1 o,..e:i:- the rnont::age .
Welcome hom e, Marty, oh, master of the house, King of the castle, Lord of the manor. Jennifer reacts with a “you gotta be kidding” expression. Then, realizing she’s still out in the open, she darts thru an open door into the BATHROOM. She close s the door , leavin g it ope n eno ugh to pe ek o ut. T he fr ont d oor o pen s, an d the re’s OLD MAR TY, 47, g reying, a little tired, but s till good lookin g. He we ars a futu re busine ss suit.
Orcs caught between the police and the gangsters. I see I need to change. And I do. I organize things. We have our own thing now. I know what I am. And I still give back to the community. Not just Orcs. Every month I throw a big house-party, get people drunk. Feed them. Whole neighborhood’s invited, black, brown, yellow, green. Partying together. With one rule - No guns, no fights inside. It’s sanctuary. Three years of peace. And who breaks sanctuary? Who’s first to bring in guns? The motherfucking police. He sighs, runs a curious finger across Jakoby’s filed teeth. Time to teach the youngsters...
Hi, it’s me again. Where the fuck are you? You’re getting me all freaked out. I don’t think any of my texts have even been delivered and your location isn’t showing up you said you’d leave it on in case. Don’t make me call the cops bitch. Call me back or text me! And I wanna hear where he took you! She hangs up and sees her smoothie is ready. She grabs it and goes to get a straw. As she’s walking out she hears her phone buzz. She pulls it out. TEXT: “Hi bitch. Sorry no service here. We’re in Joshua Tree! Extending the trip. I need a long break after my job. It’s beautiful.” Mollie stares at it for a moment. Something doesn’t feel right. We all know the way our friends text us. She starts to type but isn’t sure what to say. Finally she does.. TEXT: “When can you talk? I wanna hear your voice. Send a pic of where you are!” Sent. A moment or two before the three dots show up. Then disappear. Show up again. Mollie waits frozen at the door forgetting the world around her. Someone tries to get by. Excuse me.
If yo~ see a beactiful giYl at club end n:: o::e ask !:er :.o da:ice oY O:ry her a :i:::::.·i:-ik, you knov:. This g:..:-1 tad tcdygua::--ds - : thrn.;gl:t :hey •,,:e:re ber friends! :i: ,-..·as so drunk. ~:i!: t'r',ere are s::::: many gi:-1.s, and since ~he. •.,:ar .s,:, few guys. T:ley all ·....:a:it ::o go to A;:i.er:c~, so t::ey
Now get in my way! Bitch. CUT TO BLACK INT. / EXT. TAXICAB - GOING DOWNTOWN - EVENING Jennie is in the back of a speeding cab. She is looking out the window. Her face looks sad. The TAXI DRIVER is a funny looking old man. He's wearing a jockey hat and a Hawaiian shirt. He has air fresheners hanging from the mirror. He is chewing on a big wet cigar. He has a half shaved beard. He looks like a dirty old man. Jennie looks dazed. As the taxi driver drives, he looks in his mirror at Jennie. He pulls his cigar out of his mouth and then puts it back in. Jazz is playing on the radio.
he was nine he ran awa::, from a fight. saw him. I was so ashamed I almost threw u:p. So I told him right out. I'm gomia make a man outa you or I'm gonna bust you 1n ha.lf trying. Well I made a. man outa. him a.11 right. When he was sixteen we had a. He hit me 1n the fa.eel He's big, batt1e. y'know. I haven't seen him 1n two yea.rs. Rotten kid. You work your heart out •• , •
... Yes... No... Yes, I want to know why the check for my slip fee was returned for insufficient funds... Slip fee, for docking my boat, the check was returned... No, m'dam, it's not zero, I have about forty thousand dollars in that account... When? ... When?... But she can't do that----no, yes, technically it may be a joint account but she doesn't use it, it's not her money... No! No! What access, it's not possible! Without my permission? What about the, my, the, our savings account? My savings account?... I don't know the fucking number! You think I memorize the fucking numbers on my fucking bank accounts! Moron!... Hello?
Florence, I don’t know if you peed yet or you’re going to get this message tonight but I gave Mahler two of his pills but then he ate pizza and one he’s supposed to take on an empty stomach, and -- I don’t know what to do. I know so little about basic shit. I can’t even swim in the pool. My brother’s in Vietnam and I can’t swim in the fucking pool! We have the same parents, I can’t blame that. There was something else I wanted to tell you. You, know, I’m sorry I can be...whatever it is I can be. It’s half my fault and half the atmosphere. That’s a Leonard Cohen lyric. You should cover that song. You sing great. You should go on YouTube and all that stuff you guys do. Just do it. You go girl. I can’t believe they closed Tower Records. How did that happen? What was it I wanted to
Sorry. Sorry. The crew smoke cigarettes and blast music as they drive. EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS - DOWNTOWN LA - LATER THAT DAY Jorge busts amazing tricks down the stairs at the spot. Fuckshit does some slightly lesser tricks but still impressive down the stairs. Fourth Grade is filming Fuckshit and Jorge. Stevie watches Fuckshit watch Jorge land an amazing trick. Stevie clocks this making Fuckshit quietly resentful. Ruben is landing kick flips more and more and they’re getting cleaner. Stevie is practicing his ollies intensely and getting CLOSER to landing one. EXT. ARCO HANDRAILS - DOWNTOWN LA - LATER The crew and Stevie sit on the stairs smoking cigarettes and drinking from gallon waters. They’re mid argument.
That’s where the bums hang out. They usually are pretty cool and keep to themselves. Sometimes they’ll get shit faced and cheer on the skaters, but sometimes they go nuts so you gotta watch out. If one of them offers you something to smoke, don’t fucking smoke it. It’s probably crack. Stevie’s face tells you “that is fucking terrifying.” Stevie and Ruben stand on their boards with their backs against the brick wall. They both smoke a cig. Stevie is slightly more comfortable smoking now. Stevie and Ruben clock DANIEL CASTILLO, early 20s and CHICO BRENES, early 20s. Stevie’s face lights up! Ruben can’t even help his excitement.
5-0!!!!!! 5-0!!!!!!! Fuckshit and Stevie’s head turn up. Fuckshit takes off running!!! Stevie is freaking out! All of the hundred or so skaters TAKE OFF RUNNING in different directions! COPS chase skaters out of the courthouse in all different directions. Three random skaters in different parts of the courthouse are caught and handcuffed and the cops take their boards. Stevie picks a direction and TAKES OFF RUNNING! A cop SWIPES at him but he narrowly escapes and makes it out of the courthouse. He runs like the wind with his board in his hand. EXT. STREET NEAR THE COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS Stevie is running. He is alone, scared and unsure of his fate. He’s sees the SUBWAY!!!! INT. SUBWAY - CONTINUOUS Stevie bursts into Subway in a panic. The crew are all sitting down while Ruben is in line calmly ordering sandwiches. Stevie is FREAKED OUT. The crew sees him and laughs.
Ruben, you better get your ass in the fucking car, now! Ruben, drunken and angrily, gets in the back seat. Jorge stares at Fuckshit. Fuckshit stares back. It’s a showdown. Fuckshit won’t let Stevie go by himself with a drunk Jorge. He reluctantly gets in the car in the back seat. INT. MITSUBISHI MONTERO SUV - MINUTES LATER Jorge drives down the streets of Palms. He is drunk and all over the road. He squints his eyes but is full of happiness.
You’re not old enough to be a bad person. Beat. INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - MINUTES LATER Dabney walks out of the room, exhausted, disheveled and holding her rumpled coffee cup. She stops in her tracks as she enters the waiting room. She sees Fuckshit, Fourth Grade and Ruben dangling off of chairs, fast asleep. They’ve slept there all night. She stares at each of their baby faces. While sleeping they seem angelic. These are just kids. Children. Dabney is overwhelmed with emotion that these boys slept there all night. She understands the love these boys have for each other. She walks over to Fuckshit. He gently wakes up. He looks deep into Dabney’s eyes without saying anything. She says nothing. They make a very emotional locking of eyes. Dabney shows warmth in her face towards him for the first time. Beat.
0 Jesus - not that crap again! UP) How do you think I did?
No no no no no! Jules looks at her phone, checks her last SENT E-mail and SEES SHE ACCIDENTALLY SENT the “My mother’s such a bitch” email to her Mother. She GASPS, looks up as Ben joins her. INT. BIG CONFERENCE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER At least 20 Techies are scrambling into the room for an emergency meeting. Jules paces at the head of the room, washing her hands with Purell. Ben stands to the side as Candice and Becky join.
Maso sent down his son, Digger, to take a look at the casino option I was working on. Digger was one of the dumber sacks of shit but he was the boss’ kid so everyone pretended he knew what the fuck he was talking about. EXT. RITZ HOTEL - SUNSET Joe and Dion walk towards a bluff that overlooks the casino. DIGGER PESCATORE, large and dumb, stands with them as well as FOUR BODYGUARDS.
Well, you, got· yourse·lt' some time now. Two years. Hell, that ain't much, we· got couple: men here doin• twenty spots··, We got one who• s got all. ct' it.. We got all kinds and you gonna, t'it. in real. good •. · Course in cas& youc git rabbit· 1n your blood and decid·e to take.· 01'1' t'er home,. you. ;,:1t a, bonuft a some time and couple leg chains·· to· keep you· slowed down. a little -- r·er your GWn good. Yo.u 1 11 . l.earn the rules· •. It's all up to you. I can. be a good gu.y or· I c·an be one mean son-01'-a-bi.tch,. it's up to you, He· turns
Go into the tooms. Lamar flips another switch and they are inside a room. A bare-breasted Pi works on her face in front of her vanity •. The nerds go wild. CUT TO: INT. PI BEDROOM - AT THAT MOMENT. In the corner, there is a hole in the ceiling. The Pi continues at her vanity, unaware of the intrusion. CUT TO: INT. PI ATTIC - AT THE SAME MOMENT. There is a CAMERA with the red light "ON." CUT TO: INT. NERD LIVING ROOM - AT THE SAME MOMENT. Tits!
They're probably right. I'm not as dangerous as some guys I know, but I would never give myself a lift, that's for sure. No way. If I was a chick, no double-fucking way would I give me a lift. I've looked in the mirror. I've seen myself. I mean, with my thumb out, if I was a chick and I saw me, no sir. On the other hand, if I was a, if I was the one who was hitching and I was a chick, I'd stop for me in a second. In fact, I'd, I'd fuck me, too. In fact, if I was hitching and I was a chick, and I got stopped by a chick, I'd fuck me that way, too. Yeah. In fact, I wouldn't mind getting into a bi-girl scene with myself. Actually, you're the first chick that has ever given me a lift. I think other chicks don't pick me up because they can tell I carry a gun and I've been to prison in Vermont. I don't think they can tell I've been to prison, but that's where I'm from. Vermont. You ever been to Vermont?
Where's the fucking bathroom? She finds it and goes into the bathroom. Jack makes his way to the couch, lights a cigarette, and lies down. INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION Ally looks into the mirror. Jesus. What is happening right now. Ally wets a towel, gives it the ol’ once-over and lets out a breath and goes back into -INT. HOTEL - ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION She turns the corner in eager anticipation only to find Jack passed out.
That's not the point. The point is, we '.re doing something .wrong_ ... And._I.'m not satisfied with it, see? I mean, here for . ,·····•········-•··"·- ·-·-'····-··•· ,...... ........ . 1 n st.ance.,...any:where .you look ••. right here .••. · -· ·-- ···-·-- ·------- ---··-·--- - ··· ··. :·-·:·-=: ,.:,fhe:-,-pick-s- up a J.egal brief · ..... from desk) , . . here's: a · guy named . Porpoise .. .-who's suing
Goddamn own Son against Me. My own Blood! Yeah, well, we’ll see who’s standin’ in Da End... And another thing, I put Da Only Life I have on the line to protect the Red, White and Blue. I come back from Da Hell Vietnam wuz and People Hate Me, Curse Me, Spit at Me. Call Me A Child Murderer. Dem Gook Kids had Grenades and Guns. Dey were Killin’ Us. What were ‘pose to do? What wuz I’pose to do? I didn’t feel good ‘bout it but I wanted to Live and Not Die. KILL OR BE KILLED.
C’mon you fuckin’ pussy. Fuck me. What’s the matter, you don’t like girls you faggot. C’mon. Fucker. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE WAITING ROOM - DAY Peter is the only adult without a child in the pediatrician’s waiting room. He reads HIGHLIGHTS. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY Dr. Rosenbaum enters the room looking quite serious. Peter looks up at him nervously.
'LEVPMItWTYWLMRKXLMVX]RS[,ItWWXMPPFS]MWLP]LERHWSQI FYXMRLMWI]IW]SYGERXIPPXLEXLItWRSPSRKIV]SYRK,I
0%8)6-28,)+0%() -XtWX[MPMKLXRS[XLIWXEVWEVIGSQMRKSYX'LEVPMIERH7EQ EVIWXVMTTIHHS[RXSWLSVXW'LEVPMItWWXERHMRKYTSREXLI LSQIQEHIW[MRKXLEXtWVMKLXSZIVXLIPEOI7EQtWWXERHMRK
',%60-) )ZIV]XLMRKtWKVIEX 1EVKMINYWXPSSOWEXLMQPMOIr=IELVMKLXr'LEVPMI EZSMHWLIVI]IW+PERGIWSZIVEXXLIFEROSJXZtWXLEXEVI TPE]MRKSRXLI[EPP,ItWWYVTVMWIHXSWII[LSMXMW ',%60-)
,EZMRKEFIIV[MXLWSQIJVMIRHWMWWSQIXLMRK'LEVPMILEWRtX HSRIMRUYMXIEPSRKXMQI,IGLIGOWLMW[EXGLHIGMHIWLItW
OIIPtWWPIIOWYVJEGI[EPOWXLIPIRKXLSJXLIFSEX2SX VIEPP]PSSOMRK[LIVILItW[EPOMRKLIWYHHIRP]JMRHWLMQWIPJ
SJLIVJEXLIVtWKVEZIWXSRI'LEVPMIMWWYVTVMWIHXSWIILIV ERHKMZIRXLIMVVIGIRXIRGSYRXIVLItWRSXUYMXIWYVI[LEX
SREPPQEXXIVWVIPEXIHXSXLIEJXIVPMJI&YXMXtWEGIVXEMR WEMPMRKFSSOXLEXKIXWLIVEXXIRXMSRMXtWP]MRKFIRIEXLE
'LEVPMItWWSI\LMPEVEXIHLIGERtXGEPQHS[R ',%60-) 0IXtWKSSYXEKEMRXSQSVVS[;IGER 8)77 7YVIERHRI\XXMQI-tPPKMZI]SYE
92()6;%8)67,38%RI\TPSWMSRSJTLSWTLSVIWGIRGIEW'LEVPMItW FSH]WLEXXIVWXLIWMPIRXWLMQQIVMRKYRHIV[EXIV[SVPH
You weren’t going to do that, Bob. You think you’re the goddamned bell of the ball. That isn’t why you’re here, you sill little bastard. The governor will see you in good time. Take him upstairs, boys. INT. ST. JAMES HOTEL - HENRY CRAIG'S SUITE - SOON AFTER BOB enters, looking disheveled. DICK, guarded by TWO KANSAS CITY POLICEMEN, looks over the top of his paper and smiles.
Everything we’ve ever done; every bastard we’ve lost, every sod who’s gone down for a spell in the Kesh...him. Our brother. He was touting when the peelers gunned down that kid last week. He was touting when they killed your Davey...He’s not our brother any more. Now her world is falling apart... INT. MI5 HEADQUARTERS - CHIEF’S OFFICE - DAWN Around the table with MI5 CHIEF ALAN BUCHANAN sit MAC, KATE FLETCHER, the MI5 OPS OFFICER and a couple of other SECTION
No. I did. I just wanted that stuff to stop. So I said, I don’t know that word and you know I don’t know that word, so why don’t you just cut the crap? He said something like, I’m an asshole. I’m not very good at talking to people, and ipseity is just another word for selfhood. Anyway, after that he just talked like a normal person and he was funny. And I could see he wanted to ask for my number but was shy. Then my friend wanted to go, and so I was getting up, and he just blurted out, could he have my number.
I don’t know, Don, I’m worried about you - since the murder you’v-DON Fuck the murder - I mean, I understand I have no right to complain, I understand - I have a lot to be thankful for, but I’m not wrong - am I - this really is a very silly life I got going here. If you made me up and put me in a movie, nobody would buy me. And that’s without being suspected of raping and murdering a megastar. Okay, I aspired to be an artist and ended up Floyd Lloyd - I’m an asshole, have no one to blame but myself. Okay, I’m too well raised to be in this business - it pays a good buck, shut the fuck up, absolutely, I get that. What I can’t bear is having a life everyone thinks is so great, that is in fact beneath all of us. What am I wool? My purpose in life is to be part of the great irony on earth that proves we’re all supreme assholes. It’s the nineties, a fucking school teacher can’t get the fucking time of day, but Floyd Lloyd gets fifty grand for two hours of his time to open a shopping mall???!
... Where the fuck is this place? None of these fucking buildings have numbers on them - Uhhh, anyway, I’m almost at my dinner, uhh, so meet me at the police station at ten a.m. - there it is alright, so tomorrow morning and we’ll... you there? ... Don ... Damn it, fuckin’ piece of shit - Don, did I lose you? ... Damn it, I don’t have time for this! Fuckin’ cell phones - hello, hel-We SMASH CUT BACK TO SCENE. ... Yeah ...
Hey, Mr. generosity of spirit, our friend Bobby needed that badly - and I am delighted. Oh my God, your face - I was behind the curtain. Pete - fucked her?? The guy wants a new dick, no more erections for Bobby, ever. I wanted you to find her with Bobby mounting her from behind, but I didn’t think it was right to ask her to drop her pants when we had just met. I had very little time to get the joke going - she was terrific about it, by the way, I really like her. Then it hit me, putting them in your bed that’s especially funny. She’s walking to her car, hurry - and you’re an idiot, by the way. Beat.
I don’t care that Beth fucked the delivery guy - there’s a lot of reasons why that might happen. I care that she’s not nice to Al. You call this a bad thing? Someone at last learning the truth - now it’s up to him whether he wants to be a schmuck or not - instead of having it imposed on him. When you get married, I hope you marry someone heavenly, as you deserve, and if you are so fortunate, I will think you irredeemable if you do not absolutely cherish her in every way - the truth doesn’t kill’ya - just sucks - now let’s cheer up Al -- and stop talking so much.
·.. BELLYGUNNER
It’s a business. There’s no bigger motivation than money when it comes to that shit, right? INT. PARKFIELD MEMORIAL HOSPITAL, CONFERENCE CENTER - DAY Linda Garran stands by a little podium reading some papers. Prepares for something. She looks nervous. A large conference room, packed out with the hospital staff. Amy and Charlie stand at the back. Coffee and a buffet of expensive breakfast food has been pillaged. Most of the staff are gorging themselves in their seats, Charlie included.
He threatened to kill her if she ever left him. My daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama. Vaughan, he's real good to mama. Vaughan that you met. But he's not able to do anything to Doyle, he's funny you know. Not funny ha, ha, funny queer. He likes to go with men instead of women. That makes him not to be able to fight too good. He sure is nice though. He's from St. Louis. People who are queer can get along better in a big town. He got transferred here to work. But mama said the real reason he left is cause his daddy hated him. For bein' the way he is. I wish he liked to go with women. I'd rather him be mama's boyfriend than Doyle.
Big sonuvabitch. neither.
Before this is over you"ll wish it was all as pleasant as today. EXT. STREET JONATHANwalks to his office, gesturing angrily, thinking now of all he could have said. He stops at a corner and a hissed "Bitch" escapes, drawing a look from a professional looking woman next to him. Some Christmas decorations are going up. INT. LAWOFFICE CORRIDOR JONATHANstrides
If your niggers helped my slave escape, I’m holding you responsible. So if you don’t want me taking this personal, uncle, why don’t you send some of your men to help me bring her back? Gideon and Thompson glare at each other. EXT. WOODS - NIGHT Minty lies asleep on a bed of pine needles, hidden against a ridge. Suddenly she’s jarred awake by a tidal wave in her soul... A PRAYING MANTIS seems to be looking at her intently. hear THE VOICE: QUIET. DANGER.
Love! I h a t e t h e name! T h e r e ' s no irons can make you more o f a slave. You f o r g e t y o u r s e l f . Your d i g n i t y , y o u r freedom. You e n d up wondering I was h a p p i e r i n what d r o v e you mad. a Turkish j a i l .
If you get a long-term head-case girlfriend before me it will haunt you to your grave! Don’t do it, little shit, don’t do it. Earl releases the door and Hal falls backwards into the room. Hal jumps up and slams his door shut. EXT. PLAINSBORO STREET - DAY Hal rides past the “Entering Grover’s Mill” sign on his way to Ginny’s. EXT. RYERSON HOUSE - DAY Hal KNOCKS on the front door.
EXT. ROAD - MOMENTS LATER Ruth opens the METAL STORAGE BOX in the truck bed. And when she does, spray painted across the inside of the lid -looking for young punks who want to stick together She moves her hand across it, gently. CUT TO: INT. APARTMENT - DAY Ruth, much younger, sleeps on faded sheets. By her side, BABYIt’s okay. I’m sure I can make my own way up. Hag.
Dude, what the fuck?! EXT. ROAD -- MORNING Nathan waits by the side of the road, behind a tree. A car’s HEADLIGHTS appear in the distance. When the car approaches, it pulls over in front of Nathan. It’s Gilly. Nathan tosses his backpack into the trunk, and gets in the passenger seat -- ducks down. INT. GILLY’S CAR -- CONTINUOS Gilly drives the speed limit, listening to the LOCAL NEWS. Nathan’s name comes up, constantly.
Punks'? (He exhales, shakes his
so hard. everybody answers ready: "Heis these ii misunderstood llHe’s to fix trying listen." "He the Bureau and no one ill "His was born in the wrong century." live father was a prick." got a whole At the list. But ya know something? all You are end of the day it’s crap. who you are. The why doesn’t mean a thing. Does it? The page Mv wife.I know. First of all, he was a complete prick for cheating on you.
It used to be, when I was a kid, what meant most to me about this job was there were no ifs. Life and death, right and wrong. When someone called the fire department, we came... Those guys don't know how much I love them... You don't leave people hanging... cause that's what it's all about. It's loyalty. It's 'till death do us part. Isn't that what you heard?... It's you go, we go... Cause without that, it's the end of families, it's the end of the fire department... and when the fire department stops coming... that's the end of the fucking world...
She’s not a bitch...thanks, but this isn’t...we’re doing it a different way. And I can’t even close afford this... I’ve got to get back to New York. I have a Broadway play in rehearsals-Charlie stands. Fade to Black. INT. BROADWAY REHEARSAL SPACE, NEW YORK. DAY Actors are mingling, stretching, in a mostly white room in midtown. Different color tape on the floor indicates the set. Various conversations are going on at once including Frank telling another anecdote from his younger days.
Well, you dirt eating pieces of slime. You scum-sucking pigs. You son of a motherless goat. He looks back at the other Amigos and gives a ➔ elf-con­ gratulatory wink.
If you can’t be happy, at least you can do well.” But he screamed at me, “I don’t want to be happy. I don’t want to do well.” “Why?” I cried. “Why?” Then we were screaming at each other. We were both so hurt. And scared. I know it. It happened so fast, but he said, “Get out before I hit you. Get out before I beat the shit out of you, I swear to god...” He was terrifying.She’s wearing a low cut silver lamé top, no bra, sunglasses, and she couldn’t give a fuck. FREEZE FRAME on Carla lighting up a cigarette as we smash the title over her face:
What do you bitches wanna see? INT. MOVIE THEATER -- DAY Amy, Kiki and Carla eat popcorn and watch as, onscreen, CHANNING TATUM, wearing a skin-tight astronaut’s outfit and helmet, spacewalks outside of a space shuttle towards a FEMALE ASTRONAUT. Then he rips off his shirt. In outer space. The moms high-five each other, nice... INT. THE BISTRO -- RESTAURANT -- DAY The moms eat lunch and have drinks at a bistro after the movie, still excited about their newfound freedom.
But he's not cussing. It's clever. See, "My Dick" ain't his dick -- "My Dick" is actually his horse!
So motherfucker can't you see, I pity the son-of-a-bitch that fucks with me! INT. HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY Black high schoolers sit on a bed, listening to the mysterious album. They squeal with laughter. INT. BARBERSHOP - DAY Rudy performs in a barbershop. Customers are laughing, slapping their sides in disbelief. He FINISHES big and loud.
Pick the trash outta your gardens, girls, and water your grass. And when you go to the supermarket, put a little wiggle in your ass. Parting brings such sorrow and I must be on my way. But I do hope you whores paid attention to what I had to say. Thank you! Cheers! Lady Reed winks at Rudy watching off stage. She mouths the words: "thank you". She beams. A sweet moment. EXT. TALLAHASSEE MOTEL - MORNING Rudy is packing up his costumes in the back of his car. MANAGER calls out to him from the lobby door.
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives, I been shot in my ass with two Colt 45s. I been slapped by a bear and bit by an eel, I chew up railroad iron and shit out steel! The drummer gives a simple rim shot -- ba-dum-bum. Rudy looks at him, disappointed, but too weary to correct him. INT. CHICAGO JUKE JOINT - LATER Rudy sells albums at a card table afterwards. INT. CHICAGO JUKE JOINT - LATER A club MANAGER pays Rudy in cash. A handful of 10s and 20s. Rudy stares at the money, then pockets it.
He is left alone with the mob.Around. She’s got tenure at Columbia. Georgette Nørgaard. The words ‘Glacial’ and ‘Terrifying’ have been bandied about. Then again I’ve heard myself described as a psychotic bitch, but I think I’m actually pretty nice, so... you can’t believe everything you hear. Maggie is distracted by John’s voice.
Lit’s git in thar an’ boot scoot. CUT TO:
The problem with a reputation's you gotta live up to it. And it's hard lookin' fly wearin' Pro fuckin' Keds. Marcus looks down at his own ratty sneakers and heads off. EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY A dejected Marcus walks down the street, which is dotted with crack HUSTLERS and FIENDS. On the corner, looking like a million bucks, Topcat leans on his '88 Caddy Seville,
You can’t run away this time. Rebecca turns onto her back, to face Diana-REBECCA Neither can you, bitch. And she flips the switch. It’s not an amplifier. It’s a LIGHTING RIG. VRRRRM -- first a set of heavy-duty BLACK LIGHTS clack on-And Diana is EXPOSED as the demonic-looking woman atop Rebecca in the darkened bedroom. Her wicked grin vanishes when she looks up at the rig-Just in time to see the second set of lights power on-BRIGHT FLOODLIGHTS like a set of high-beams. DIANA SCREAMS in agony-From a LOW ANGLE BEHIND HER, the silhouette now made flesh by the black light is TURNED TO ASH by the flood lights. She DISSOLVES and blows away like powder in a stiff breeze. Rebecca takes a breath. Two. Props up on her elbows. Looks around.I mean your man Trubshaw.  Your
[PLACE HOLDER JOKE] I was never religious until I met my third wife. Then I prayed every day for her to get hit by a fuckin’ bus.
on second thought, maybe you're not precisely the person to explain that, How's Louise, goddamnit. Not too good I hear. Tell her forget about it, John K. Wheeler wouldn't know a story if he fell over it. Tell her I said so. I like Louise. What the hell're you doing. You're just drivin' 'em crazy aren't you. They think you' re a Goddamn German now that you love the Bolsheviks, don't they? I love it. Give 'em hell, Jack. Hey! Wait a minute boys. Gi~me a yes or a no, Jack, Just a yes or a no. The Ge~~n government is secretly financing tlre-BorsheV-icks---and-sent Mr. Lenin .J_n.1:..9_R_1,1_s_sia in _a __ c..l.os.e.d__t..i;-9l._n. · 'I'h-e--<;erma n gave rnme nt is not - secretly financing the Bolshiviks and did not send Mr. Lenin into Russia ina closed goddamn train.
Good for you. My husband is not my father. Not even close. So if I were you I would start treating us with a little more respect or he’ll make it our only mission to ruin you. This was very disrespectful... and you are not going to find a fucking thing. With that she walks back towards the house as the POLICE start filing out. INT. ABEL’S OFFICE - MORNING ABEL is sitting at his desk looking out the window as the trucks come and go. As he looks across the lot he sees JULIAN coming walking across towards the locker room. A smile
un f'or mecl r:ol-'.. ccrr.:~11 is :._t t.l'!o (oor ,. 0 ;1d s t .::.:nd ing , faci ng the 1m:1~;j_str c.tc i:; tl 1 e I'S.iJ .:co~J 1 :., ttor n c,~r, rop:roscnting the p l o.i n ti ff , c.. :1:-:-.r ·Ct- bi tt e:i typC: 1:.r:10 is co!·,~p letely oblivious to Rocky ' s y out~ 1 ~nd v:ho st .'.:' . tc:5 hl s c l-1... 1rge th ns much ve: 1cmcnce ~rn u· he v:oro ::..skin,:-:; t ::1c c cn vicU.on of a harden ed cri ~-1in:1l .
~:i.ni.lif an :· of t l1e r 0:..,t of yon havo any t r oub l e 3 , c.,;.onI t r: ai t till the ou t . Corr,o in anC:. se t b ot t or.1 f ulls it f i xc ll . If you rn:-;0d more money , If you w3.n t mor e boys -say so , te ll it to Mn.c , If it 1 s the law -s0 ·.:1 no r i ,ch t a,;.;ay . 'I'hat I s wh2.t vie I re paj·ing you fo r -- t o u se you r heads ! 1
Rocky ••• I ' m Goin g to use your cuse as a crowb ar to pry open and U.'Ylcover the this mess . I 1m going to force law - corrupt or not - to indict and and bring this stink int o prosecute the c lear li gh t of day . 'l'here ' s g o ... ing to be a lot of peo~lc stepped on •• ~ and if you I re in th e vrn.y, Rocky ••• 1 1 11 be sorry ••• but you ' l l be stepped on just as hard . A lon g pause
Look , Jerry ••• you know ho w it a lways v;as •• • 'l'liey 1ve hounded us from the ndnut e we were born •• , to the minute we wal k i n t h ere . They hound ed us when we were hun gry and \'/anted to eat ,.. T]·:ey hounded us when we d id n I t wanna live no ?11 ore in those dumps they still call houses •••
I wouldn't say that. I expect she's right, ultimately. But I'm with Delores when it comes to fighting for what's mine. I can't understand why Delores is so uptight about the Chink; he could probably teach her a thing or two. Ee! That grass tickles, doesn't it? God knows I love women, but nothing can take the place of a man that fits. Still this is cowgirl territory and I'll stand with Delores and fight any bastards who might deny it. I guess I've always been a scrapper. Look. This scar. Only twelve years old and I was felled by a silver bullet.
Beats the hell out of me. TABLE
Your hair looks stupid. The Hipster Kid EXPLODES into COINS.
As they’re shimmying around under a DANCE TEACHER’s guidance, the TBDs enter the back of the room, looking around. The dancers part, drifting away, revealing-QUINN Drake Ramirez? And then we see him. He’s wiping down the mirrors. He’s older now. He’s a fucking man. Looks up, into the mirror. Sees Quinn’s reflection behind him. They stare at each other, intrigued, and he turns. Drake Ramirez in the flesh. Snapping us out of this daze-DANCE TEACHER Umm, get the hell out of here?! Drake starts walking toward them. Toward her. Tunnel vision. Quinn’s face reddens, but she recovers, marches to him. About
See you tomorrow when we kick ass. INT. QUINN’S BEDROOM - MORNING Quinn’s already awake, laying in bed and staring at her ceiling. Then she looks over to her bulletin board. A post-it in an empty spot says “reserved for Stanford acceptance letter!!” Quinn smiles. INT. MS. ASHLEIGH’S KITCHEN - SAME Ms. Ashleigh’s running around, shoving shit into her bag, shoveling food in her mouth. Sophie watches her.
Now, my pretty rose; you die. FRENCH HALLWAY - DAY MARK stands outside a door holding the gun. Slowly he pushes the door open. Inside is a chamber with women dressed scantily. ROOM - DAYGIRL Lucky bitch. Just because she is a virgin she gets to get beaten in front of the English Prince? I mean, we were all virgins once. MARK gives up on this room and continues down the hallway. THE PRINCES CHAMBER The MARQUIS DE SADE is whipping away at SARAH. MARK enters from between some curtains. The PRINCE and two GUARDS draw their weapons. The MARQUIS stops whipping and looks on.
It was like hell with windows. You know, there's shit on the walls. Kids my age sucking their thumbs. I mean, every day I would, I'd wake up in my cell and I'd think, my parents put me here. Why? Why? Because I stayed out all night one time. Uh, because I broke the VCR when I was drunk. Because I was out of control. I thought my parents loved me. CUT TO: INT. PONY'S LIMO - NIGHT Buff is holding onto the lawn leprechaun as if it was his girlfriend. He comes in and out of sleep.
You know, like, like, I would always think, uh, you know, what if I make the wrong move? But maybe there isn't any right move. You know? I mean, look at us. You know, we all dress the same, we all talk the same, we all fuck the same, we all watch the same TV. Nobody's really different, even if they think they're different. "Oh, boy, look at my tattoo, you know?" And see, that's what makes me freak. Because I can do anything I want, as long as I don't care about the result. Jeff begins to remove articles of his clothing.
I'm sorry. I'm a lousy drunk, okay? I get out of control. I don't mean to, but I do and I lose my mind. But that doesn't mean I don't love you. And I'll change. I swear to God, I will. It's you and me, baby. All the girls in the club, they don't mean shit to me. It's only you. I'll get down on my knees if you want me to. Look, I'm on my knees in front of everyone. I'll even forget you kicked me in the nuts. Come on.
What the fuck are you going to do now, eh? But just as Bedford lifts his gun to shoot Mailer... Clifton runs at him, full speed from down the corridor... ...and Bedford is knocked sideways by the infected Clifton. EXT. MANSION - NIGHT - HEAVY RAIN Jim is at the kitchen window, looking in as Bedford is killed by Mailer and Clifton. INT. KITCHEN - CUPBOARD - NIGHT - HEAVY RAIN Jones covers inside a cupboard, hearing Bedford’s screams. INT. MANSION - STAIRS - NIGHT - HEAVY RAIN
Don't be such a puss! Seriously, quit dickin' around and get in. EXT. IAN’S HOUSE - EVENING The Judge pulls into the driveway. Ian gets out. A car pulls in behind him. IT’S BECCA! She climbs out. Ian coyly pulls his shirt down over his grunds. This is awkward.
Malcolm sends a TEXT to Jib and Diggy. Nakia pulls Malcolm into her car. They drive away. INT. NAKIA’S CAR - LATER “DRAMA” - ERYKAH BADU plays on the radio. Jib texts back: GET THAT ASS NIGGA! Malcolm smiles as he looks over at the lovely Nakia.
It doesn't matter how ha=d you work; vou dcn 1 t ha'vethe tale~t! Look the truth in the eye, Mr Martin, no matter how much it hurts: You 1 ll never be as good as Jchnny; we lost the war in 1 Nam --- your Fathez: C.ied 7.::-:e::e for nothi~a like t~ousands a= others and nobodv r~allv cares, and .! A..,\1 NOT YOUR .f'_:l..J.\1ILY l
(quiet but fi~ly> You know who else couldn't buy a house here? Me. I can build ·1t and I can sell it, just.as long as I don't move in next door. They don't want Jews or Mexicans around, and let me tell you something else - the customer is always right. (crumples Dixie Cup and lowers voice to a confidential whisper> Any of these Okies get the idea their first home's in some i~ternational settlement they'll stop using the toilet seats for picture frames and move out - I'll be shit out of luck, twenty million bucks in debt and - I got a wife to protect •••
you 'cause I thought it'd be better for you. There's a wire here. They're scared because people hang themselves but I know you're too smart for that. Where's the table and chair? There's no bed here? It's like a fucking asylum. Joe, is everybody off today? Jesus Christ it's scary. Maybe I wanted to scare you. I don't know. Maybe it was my idea. Maybe i'm a little off the beaten path you know? I don't know. You look dehydrated. Here, want to try some tea? Oh yeah, your lips
Well you just never know about an extrie. They come’n go. Everyone else, I’m on the set, I look at the guy settin’ the 5K I think, “Why there’s old Bud, settin the 5K.” Script girl, wrangler, same thang. Extries, that’s diffurnt. Not makin’ a blanket call here——there’s good extries’n bad extries. All I’m sayin: you look at an extrie, you got no idea what he’s thankin’. Eddie stares at Hobie, contemplating. The silence is broken by the buzz of his phone. Natalie’s voice comes through the unit:
You wanna check on the kids? Let’s check on the kids. We got future doctors and lawyers, plus a couple tennis stars in this house. Now, I understand you got to do your job, even if some crazy-ass neighbor do call talking foolishness, and I don’t even mind you saying we hard on these kids, you know why? ‘cause we are. That’s our job. To keep them off these street. You wanna arrest us for that, fine. But what you not gon’ never do is come knock on this door to say you blew our daughters’ damn brains out ‘cause they been hanging with hoodlums and doing drugs and things. That’s what you not never gon’ say in this house. You wanna arrest us for that? That’s fine. You need to be arresting the parents at them tennis matches.
You’ve got to understand that you’re dealing with an image of a 14-year-old child. And this child going to be playing when your old ass and me gonna be in the grave. When she has said something, we done told you what’s happening. You’re dealing with a little black kid. And let her be a kid. She done answered it with a lot of confidence. Leave that alone! The Reporter is silent. His trousers probably wet. Richard is frothing but -We END ON Venus, who’s attention has drifted off toward -CENTER COURT below her where Venus can see there’s a buzz in the air. ALL THE OTHER COACHES AND KIDS at the academy have surrounded CENTER COURT. A MATCH UNDERWAY. Off Venus, intrigued --
Yeah but a couple weeks ago my funding got cut off. Fagle said he'd pound the crap out of me if I didn't pay up. Howard Altar What funding got cut off? Where do you get your money? Another boy, with thick glasses, is Ronnie Nudell. Ronnie Nudell What happened? Mark Sallerson Rabbi Turchik took his radio. Had money in it. Ronnie Nudell That fucker!
He starts frantically pumping down his window, shouting: . CLIVE! You gonna send your mother next?! You little bastard! I wanna see you! I wanna- Crash. He has rear-ended someone. A blaring horn, a quick second crash: wrenching steel and spattering glass. He has been rear-ended in turn. The ka-ching of the bicycle. CLIVE Park cycles past without looking.
You damn near killed me, girl! You goc some Hall of Fame pussy! We HEAR Dawn LAUGH, then we HEAR the SOU'Nt>S of c."i.em snor:ing cocaine. CAMERA finally comes co resc upon Jojo and Dawn, as they lay il..-ider the covers in r;,r 'b.ed. ·~~w-n ~s g~ving .Jojo ;another toot of cocaine, · ch.en takes on·11 ;or· hers el:.
That woman abused me. That woman raised me believing that I would go to hell for being the bastard child of a black man. That’s the woman you sat down with. That’s the woman you’re trying to bring back into my life. How dare you?!He's got silk! Son-of-a-bitch's got silk. EXT. SKY - DAY Between the canyons of tall buildings a PARACHUTE BLOSSOMS. Stunned New Yorkers look up in awe as the Han in Black PARAGLIDBS right down 42nd Street. INT. HELICOPTER - DAY Jericho checks his sidearm and grits his teeth.
He knows you're no good on the phone, so		    * he calls you up to bullshit you.				  * Sometimes you stop taking his calls, so			* he slips something under your door to			  * frighten you into answering your phone			 * again. He's been pretending to help you.		    * Feeding you a line of crap about John G.		    * being some local drug dealer.					*
Why you always doing that? Just hold me, give me some affection. You always trying to pull your dick out. Give it a rest. Jody nods. He pulls her head to his chest. Yvette cuddles next to hi:r., puts her thumb in her mouth. They get comfortable. She closes her eyes After a few moment:s Jody c::..oses his. DISSOLVE TO: LATER:JO~Y:Opens his eyes, looks sees Yvette asleep. He gets up. Looks around, turns off the TV. He picks her up and carries her into her bedroom. Puts her in bed. Gives her a kiss. She attempts to pull him towards her but he relents. Yvette turns over and goes to sleep.
245364 here! 245364 here! What?! Give me a cigarette! wnat? What nigga?! What?! You better back the fuck up! This Crip nigga! Yeah! Open your ass up wi:ch this st.eel I see! ERRING!!!! Jody wakes with a start::.ed look. He grabs the phone. INT. YVETTE'S HOUSE - DAY Yvette is getting dressed. She's on the phone with Jody. She picks up the WEED BAG and BOX OF LEMONHEADS.
Got that right, You know but that's how we black folks are. We live by the barter system. You know about the barter system? That's i::1 our a::1cestry. See when we didn't have money we used trade for things. So rr,y man gives me this TV cause I put in work for him back in the day, Shot a few niggas, cut some folks up, all some dumb shit. I was like you young, dumb, out of control. I did a dime, te::1 years straight ... San Quentin, Folsom! Yeah I was dumb, but you? You smarter than I was at your age man. I gotta give that to you, You smart lil man. You ain't no killer like me! ?hat's good! I was bad, didn't have my head straight, Yeah ..... well look here bcss 1 I'ma tell you on the real Jody, me and your momma gettin real serious and it lock like I'ma be around for a while so, I ain't t:,:yin to be your daddy h1t if you some advice y'know feel to
She said she wanted baby clot:ies I went over the1ee, layed out my mercha::idise, stuff for her little girl, spit my game at he::-, and then she was like .. impressed! Brcke her off, made her feel good now I got me a regular customer. That's the difference between a sa,esman.and a shvster. Shyster make 'err. fee:. bad, take the money, steal the pussy, don't call back nc more.I make 'em feel good, make 'em wan:ia give ne ;:nore all the way 'rou:id. That's one thir:g about being in business for yourself dog, you ca:i be a :.ittle man but you really a big nan cause you working for you:::-self. ~elvin walks into the kitchen which is down the hall from Jody's room.
Sweetpea motions DoDirty to come on and leave, The guy persists and Sweetpea ts him hard and pushes him onward. EXT./INT. KIM'S HOUSE - NIGH':' gets dropped off at home. He hops out walks into the house. We follow him into the house as he goes to the bathroom pisses, walks into Kim's bedroom takes f his pants a:id shirt. Hides his money then walks in his :.inderwear into the kitchen pours himself some Kool-Aid walks into the livi:ig room sits :iext -::o Kim who watching television. Sweetpea switches on his videogame and begins to play .. We MO'v"E into them on the couch as Kim cuddles up next to :-iim as he s ge..:.-ue.
I ain't done nothing dog. I'm just trying to keep from doing sornethin. I need to get some money, a job or sornethin to keep me busy. Do sornethin besides playing Madden all day over at DoDirty's house. You know I don't even stay at Kim's house in the day no more? I leave at nine 'o clock come back around six acting like I'm out there doing sornethin constructive. Like I'm working! I ain't done that shit since we was in continuation school. Goosesteppin, sneaking around Kirn and her momma like I'm a child. Like I'm some scared little boy! I got to ask my woman and her momma for money! How you think that makes me feel?! Huh? Think I feel like a man? This shit is tearing me up dog, this shit is eating me alive. I don't wanna end up killing nobody. Jody what I'rna do?
I brought my son some clothes! Fuck you Yvette!!! Jody leaves. His en::ourage waiting as he mounts r.is bike. INSIDE: Yvette leaves the doorway lays on the cotich. Sta:cts to cry but: t.hen she pulls her tears back in. EXT. STREETS - DAY !,'.USIC:Earth Wind arcd Fire "FANTASY" Jody rides fast and then slows down. He cruises. His face
Your house? Your house?! Do you pay any bills around here? Do you fix anything aroi..:.nd here?! When was t:1:e last time you paid a bill? All you do is eat, sleep and shit! Walking aroi..:.d here like you King Tut or so::r.ebody: So dor1·t give me that mess about who's hoi..:.se this is! This is my house Jody! /l_rid if I wanna have a man
You never do. Go get the bitch. EXT. MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - NEXT MORNING The BOS-MIA flight comes in for a landing... EXT. FLORIDA TURNPIKE - LATER Sandy drives a rented CHEVY COBALT toward HOMESTEAD EXT. STRIP MALL - HOMESTEAD, FLORIDA - 3 PM A depressed, far distant suburb of Miami. SANDY - sits in his car, windows down. Sweating. Looking at: LADY'S CHOICE SALON - tacky, tacky, tacky. A large sign on the window says TAN HAIR.
g-round, •••• only dirt. ud dark d0Wtlhen at tha bottoa of tu 1talk■, :but then than•• SClHthing bright, brilli&11t-bright, it'I a knite. Shooter ll.Uds it to Aay, he 9rabs KOrt's face roughly a!M!fore•• opan his right ore. J:rtt rai••• the ltl:life, •ort SCllBAHS,the knife flashea aero•• hi• eyeball and just as auddaiil.y •• everything went black it auddenly flashes -LIVlltG
Gobbledegook! All the time he talked gobbledegook! An' it's for sure a White man's world in America, hell, I raised that boy since he was the size of a piss ant an' I'll say right now he never learned to read an' write -- no sir! Had no brains at all, was stuffed with rice puddin' between the ears! Short-changed by the Lord and dumb as a jackass an' look at him now! Yes, sir -- all you gotta be is white in America an' you get whatever you want! Just listen to that boy -- gobbledegook!
Well, Lee, it's like this. You're getting the bargain of a lifetime because I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. You're used to dealin' with professionals. I'm not a professional. I'm a rank amateur. I could take that, and I could cut it, and I could sell it a little bit at a time, and make a helluva lot more money. But, in order to do that, I'd have to become a drug dealer. Deal with cut-throat junkies, killers, worry about getting busted all of the time. Just meeting you here today scares the shit outta me, and you're not a junkie, a killer or a cop, you're a fucking movie-maker. I like you, and I'm still scared. I'm a punk kid who picked up a rock in the street, only to find out it's the Hope Diamond. It's worth a million dollars, but I can't get the million dollars for it. But, you can. So, I'll sell it to you for a couple a hundred thousand. You go to make a million. It's all found money to me anyway. Me and my wife are minimum wage kids, two hundred thousand is the world.
Bond struggles to his feet and starts moving toward the cockpit. INT. HANGAR - DAY - SAME TIME The three crewmen, still bound and gagged, now lie unconscious in f.g. An ARMY OFFICER in the entryway waves outside. Felix and Johnnie run in and all three run toward the crewmen. INT. CABIN - SAME TIME Bond has almost reached the cockpit. IN THE COCKPIT - SAME TIME Pussy keeps pulling back on the stick.
Okay: WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH -- I'm not doing a thing until ME?! I know for a fact that Kyle's safe -- Do you hear me? I am not fucking around, you tell me now what this is Do you hear me? No, you stop - about! - I will not do a thing for you until -- HEY: I almost died back there! Three times! Shut up! You shut up and -- who?! Who's Kyle? WHO THE listen to me now! You tell me HELL IS KYLE?! Kyle is safe! YOU TELL ME
Cause ya got everythin' money can buy 'cept what it can't - why the hell you care? Man without pride what ya got? That's what got your ass outta here, losin' it brung it on back. Them people 'round you done too good a job protectin' their meal ticket, know what I'm sayin'? Livin' 11 easy", for some men who don't give a damn, that's good, that be okay, people like you, they gotta pull themselves wide open an' see what's livin' inside.
Loyal loving kiss-ass-Brendan laughs-- John-- tired and hungry-JOHN Let's be civilized, or I'll kill somebody. Fair? Brendan scrunches Lucas by the back of the neck-- Lucas shrugs him off, goes-- Brendan shoves him ahead-BRENDAN Whatever, weasel-LUCAS
Fuck you-- fuck you-Sam-- feels his cheek where John bashed it down-- the hardtimer comes at John-- grabs him by the back of the head with his free hand, bounces him off the bar-- the guy drops, dead to the world-Just as the DOCK-RAT rushes up-DOCK-RAT Hey-- piss-ant-- back it up-John-- still holding Sam down, doesn’t know what else to do-he swings his elbow with all his might into the dock-rat’s face-The dock-rat falters, and John kicks his feet out from under him, he goes over backwards-- stumbles up-John looks at the dock-rat-- blinks-- and-John bashes Sam’s head down again-SAM
The same shit we always use. Ten times the strength of Valium. Don’t smell, don’t taste, and it don’t change the pretty color of champagne. Geraldine stares out the window and thinks to herself. CUT TO: EXT. HIGH-WALLED ESTATE - LATER The limousine enters through the front gates. Jack continues around the corner and parks. He checks his Rolex and waits. CUT TO: EXT. EXTRAVAGANT BEDROOM - SAME TIME A Monet painting hangs over a king-sized bed with a green silk comforter. Jodie enters with the now-fucked-up Chinese businessman in tow. She takes off her shirt, turns back and stares at him.
BACK TFIE B.rc. IRCd G;tT1':CJ AS T!!E T WIN . HEADLAUPS OF TilE' DRAG Sf/ING AROUl. '!J, TlIE f,,'HHELS S CRAPE AS 'I'l:i EY T URil, T HE £AMPS MOMENTARIL Y LIGHT T HE HA !IDSOUE COL D LETTERED S IGi{ BOARD -- APP'&E!ARD COLLEGE -- THE DRAG MOVES THROUGH
All right, Carol. Enough is enough. Now where are you, goddamnit?... Hello? INT. CENTRAL POST OFFICE PHONE BOOTH. CHICAGO. DAY. CAROL, suddenly unable to respond, leans her head against the phone box a moment, then quietly hangs up the phone. INT. CENTRAL POST OFFICE. CHICAGO. DAY. CAROL joins THERESE at the post desk. THERESE has picked up a few letters.
He owes the circus everything. We feed him, put clothes on his backThe doctor bollocks was just a fantasy for him, one that I dispelled last night, I thinkVICTOR Yes, I noticed a pile of burnt books on my way inBARNABY Aye, but that was just a bit of a row, me getting my frustrations out’n’whatnotVICTOR When you’re frustrated you burn books, fascinating, fascinating, listen, you’re a bit of a bastard, aren’t you?
Were you right about what’s goin’ round In Oakdown, where down is up, up is down you monsters have me feelin’ like the monster in my own town And I’ll say it while I’m rappin, nigga Cuz everybody condition to listen to a rappin’ nigga But I’m rappin’ to the active nigga You the one cappin’ niggas! Huntin’ us til a headstone stuck in the mud In a city on the come up but throws no rope down for the ones who it broke down But stuck it out, which turned us some “thugs!” Now the city all brand new, and you throwin out US? / Might as well both break shit, make a fuss! I’m both pictures! See both pictures!
Love you, bitch. EXT. MAGIC CASTLE - PLAYGROUND - DAY Moonee/Jancey/Scooty/Mia/Jazlyn/Other Kids play in the playground. Two dogs, BUNSEN and BOONEE, frolic with the kids. INT. MAGIC CASTLE - ROOM 323 - NIGHT Halley and Moonee eat a cheese pizza on the bed.
We all gather here on this special occasion. To listen to my pops, he's your west coast liaison. A speech from him, dude, is like sex with a hoochi. It's hot and excitin', like shoppin' at Gucci! Asians, Jews, Mexicans, too. Everybody's votin', yo, it's a cultural stew. Once he's in office you'll experience great riches. As a thank you for helpin', you can get wit my bitches! Let's get Glucked! Y'all get Glucked! We get Glucked! Come on everybody put your hands up! Bill moves onstage and attempts to dance hip hop style.
Someone’s messing with your sister. You just gonna let that slide? When Sidney’s mom fucked my dad, I dissected her like a frog in Biology classSAM I’m not like you, I’m not a killerBILLY How else are you going to survive? Accept who you are and let’s get out there, find out who’s doing this and cut some fucking throats! Sam wrenches the wheel to the left and WHAM! Smashes into a telephone pole. Not going that fast, but the airbag blows BOOM! The impact throws her back in her seat! The dust clears. Sam coughs, rubs her chest, then looks to the mirror. Billy’s nowhere to be seen.
Shit, did you touch the car? Maybe.
Still breathing... Molly whimpers, pokes her head out of the back seat and nudges him. He grabs Molly by the collar and sees her tag again: “I’m Molly, I belong to Amy...” Dave reaches under his own collar and pulls out a ST. CHRISTOPHER MEDALLION on a silver chain. Close-on the image of St. Christopher. Dave flips the medallion over and engraved in the silver surface it reads: In deep? Call St. Dom’s parish. Any time. 492-555-5555. Fuck it.
We need to stick with the group. Alright, buddy? Finn nods. Pete pats Finn’s helmet. They both look up the slope at Billie making wide curves ahead of an increasingly slow Emerson. Finally, Billie and Em join them. Finn looks at his brother like: come on man, stop hamming it up. Emerson makes a fuckyou face. Billie raises her eyebrows at Peter, meaning: Jesus he took his time. As they start to unclip their boots, we... EXT. SKI RESTAURANT - DAY An outside terrace. Blue sky. Waiters come and go. The family are looking at menus.
Mcldanian called me 1 Joe Donnelly called me! We've get a godde."tl hit, gcddam itl Diana, show hir:i t.11.e Ti.,:ies 1 We even got an editorial in the holy goddam New York Ti:r..es. "A Call to 1".cralityl" That crazy sen of a bi~ch, Beale, has caught onl So don't tell me you don't know where he isl I
force of your cossack cops and paramilitar; organs of repression against u.s. But now the slave masters hear the ru.-:.ble of revolution in their ears. So you have no alter:iati·1e but to c-o-oot us. Put us on teevee and pull onr fangs. And we're supposed to sell out, righ~? ~or your gangster gold? Well, we're net going to sell out, baby l You can ta.~e your fascist teevee and shove it righ~ up your·paramilitary assl I'm here to tell you, we don't sell out! We don't want your gold! We're not ·· · going on your teevee! A morr~nt of HUSH, in which everybody digests this open-
the tube, you raise your c..1-iildren like t..~e tube, you t.-iin..'< like t.1-i•e tubi!. This is mass nadness, you maniaesl In God's name, you people are t..1-ie re al t..11.ing 1 we 're t.."le ill usicns 1 so turn of: this goddam set! Turn it of: right nows Turn it off and leave i t off. Turn :. t off right no-..,, right in the I:J.iddle of this v~ry sentence I'Ill speak:ing
Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out - so what! What'd you'all expect? Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT man. They're ROBOTS man - watchin' dopey television and drivin' dopey cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies. That's all right, you keep fuckin' up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it don't really matter. Don't mean shit. So what! Whatcha want - a parade! Fuck that too! No war time no grunt never got no respect. Till he was dead - and even THEN! You're fighting for YOURSELF man! You're fighting for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember dat. And it's some goddamn battle too - if you'se a man, wrestle with that angel...
Where’s your mommy? Are you thirsty? I’m all out of booze or I’d offer you some. I’m terribly impolite aren't I? Such a cute little pussy. He kisses the kittens paw and it purrs. EXT. HAVANA BEUTIFUL RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT Moondog drunkenly wobbles down the street holding the kitten. He sings the words to “the Joker” again. EXT. BEAUTIFUL HOME IN THE CENTER OF HAVANA’S OLD TOWN NIGHT Moondog pushes his way past the gate. He drunkenly pulls a key out of his pocket and unlocks the door. He manages to hold the kitten gracefully.
Ah now we’re talkin. This is some good shit here. I’m a fuckn idiot. Whoo! Oh yeah! He drops his head onto the table. INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT The kitten is asleep and purring on the pillow. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT Moondog stumbles to the refrigerator. He takes a beer and chugs it. He collapses onto the kitchen table. With a loud thud he hits the floor, beer bottles everywhere. INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT The TV flickers as it plays an old Tom and Jerry cartoon.
Moondog. You’re such a fuck up. Her eyes quickly dim as she takes her final breath. I/E. BLACK CADDY, FUNERAL PROCESSION - DAY Moondog rides in a caddy with Heather and her husband. They follow the hearse down Royal Palm Ave. He smokes a joint and blows smoke out of the window. The Grateful Dead is blasting. EXT. CEMETERY - DAY Minnie's family and friends listen to a priest say his final words as they Lower the coffin into the ground. Moondog has his arm around Heather. The wind blows. EXT. HEARSE/SIDE OF CEMETERY
Fucken pervy-perv Waldo. You can’t reject my card and get away with it. He grabs his beer and walks out. EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT Moondog lays down on the dirty sidewalk drinking his beer. He picks dirt off his Ugg Boots. He lights a joint and starts hacking. He tries to use the curb like a pillow. EXT. PALM BEACH STREET - NIGHT Moondog walks down the sidewalk with his typewriter slung over his shoulder like a strange cosmic hobo.
Four deaths in over eight straight years of doing dolphin tours is a terrific record. I’m fuckin stellar. I'm minted in this industry. They love ole’ Captain Wack in these parts. He spits onto the floor and then takes the fish off the hook. EXT. CAPTAIN WACKS HOUSEBOAT - MORNING We see a small rundown houseboat floating in the ocean. The sound of Jimmy Buffett music blares from the speakers. INT. CAPTAIN WACKS HOUSEBOAT - MORNING The interior looks like an insane packrat has lived there. Guns and weed plants are scattered about. Music plays. Captain wack burns the fish on the stove. The room fills with smoke. Moondog takes a huge hit from a neon pink bong.
It is you! You look like hell mother fucker! Moondog leans in closer so that his eye touches the camera. The gates open up. EXT. JIMMY BUFFETS MANSION/FRONT YARD - NIGHT Moondog makes his way up the front yard past the fancy cars parked in the driveway. Moondog looks deranged. He clears his throat and spits into a fountain. INT. JIMMY BUFFETS MANSION ENTRANCE - NIGHT Jimmy and Moondog look at each other. Jimmy wears pink surf shorts and a yellow tank top. His eyes are glazed over.
It’s been climbing up the charts like a mother fucker man, with a bullet. “Moonfog” is on fire! Jimmy cracks up, milk pours from the sides of his mouth. EXT. JIMMY BUFFETS YACHT - NIGHT We see his beautiful yacht slowly float down the ocean. The sound of his music plays on the speakers. I/E. JIMMY BUFFETS YACHT/BOW - NIGHT They stand on the bow looking at the ocean. A guy in a skippers uniform walks up to Moondog and hands him a bong.
I knew we’d meet again little pussy. It purrs. Moondog kisses it. The rasta looks like he’s hallucinating. EXT. MOONDOGS HAVANA HOME - OUTDOOR PATIO - MAGIC HOUR Moondog sits on his patio next to his wheelbarrow. He looks at the palm trees and the street below. He lights a joint. His typewriter sits on the table with a blank page rolled inside. The sunset is dramatic. The Grateful Dead play in the back. Moondog takes a pull from his joint, and he closes his eyes. The wind blows his wig. He smiles and begins to type. CUT TO BLACK: THE WORDS “THREE MONTHS LATER” APPEAR ON SCREEN. EXT. RUN DOWN BAR/HAVANA - DAY Moondog walks up to the entrance of the bar, he’s still wearing womens clothes, he holds a beer and chomps on a cigar. He greets a well dressed reporter. Hi.
First I wanna get some fireworks though. We should light the sky up as a big fuck you to the world. He puts the cash in his mouth and grabs his balls. Everyone in the room cracks up. EXT. HAVANA STREET - DAY Moondog zips through traffic on his scooter. The kitten is poking out of Moondogs handbag. INT. FIREWORKS SHOWROOM HAVANA - DAY Moondog walks quickly through the aisles of a run down fire works factory. He holds two Coronas and a joint. The owner of the place follows closely behind him with a clip board.
All around the oa:h,.dral The Sa1nts an<! Apootleo Look down a• sne ~@ndo l-.er wares Althougr. ;cu ca.'1.'t see it Yau know :he; a!"e s:n.tl1ng Each ti.me someone shows that he eareo ... and few Though -~":- ~o:ods a:ce slmple Listen, C:!.sten. sne's calllng to l'"" l""@d the oi::-ds, c\1ppence a 'bag. Tuppence, :upvenoe, tuppence a bag.
Woah! The fuck you gonna do about it, Mr. Yale? Come on! Dick shoves him back and PUNCHES HIM. EXT. DESOLATE ROAD - NIGHT From earlier, with the police officer’s help, Cheney stumbles out of the car. The crackle of the police radio in the background. EXT. LYNNE’S HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING A lower middle class home. A dog barks in the distance. INT. LYNNE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME DICK, WITH A BLACK EYE AND STAINS ON HIS SHIRT SITS ON THE