I’m in cabin ninety forty-eight, if you need me. Jim watches her walk away.
She’s too silly to be a Donna. I think she’s a Lola.
The last thing Jim expected to hear.
What the heck are you talkin’ about?You in the suit. Yes, you.      Take a bath, hippy!
Yeah, yeah. Whatever.
There you go big fella.You look very.. frum.
You see -- and unless I'm much mistaken, your job still pays you rather a lot of money, while Honey here, she earns nothing flogging her guts out at London's seediest record store.
No -- not my type at all really.  I prefer that other one -- blonde -- sweet looking -- has an orgasm every time you take her out for a cup of coffee.
You know -- some girls, they're all 'stay away chum' but Anna, she's absolutely gagging for it.  Do you know that in over fifty percent of languages the word for "actress" is the same as the word for "prostitute."
Oh sod off, mate.  What are you, her dad?
Buggered?
Actually, Mel does his own ass work. Why wouldn't he?  It's delicious.
Oh please sod off.
You and every person in this country.
Not bad.  No bad at all.  Well-chosen briefs, I'd say.  Chicks love grey. Mmmmm.  Nice firm buttocks.
I've found myself a nice, slightly odd looking bloke who I know is going to make me happy for the rest of my life.
God, that's an enormous arse.
Let me help.  We don't want all this shit cluttering up our lives.
Oh right.  Right.  Sorry.  Always been a bit of an ass.
Anna.  Look -- I'm a fairly level- headed bloke.  Not often in and out of love.  But...
James Bond never has to put up with this sort of shit.
Get home my ass.  We're going to the office, have another drink.  I want some company tonight.
Don't get me started on that.  Those Warren Commission fellows were pickin' gnat shit out of pepper.  No one's gonna tell me that kid did the shooting job he did from that damned bookstore.
Tramps and hoboes.
I want to go back to this Amos Euins.
Well, I guess now that Guy's dead, it don't really matter... it was about the people hanging around the office that summer.  I wasn't really part of the operation, you know.  I was handling the private-eye work for Guy when that came in - not much did - but that's why I was there... it was a nuthouse.  There were all these Cubans coming and going.  They all looked alike to me.
...take a good look, chief, do any of 'em look like the hoboes you remember?
Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep in their clothes - these two look pretty young.
Al, you can't tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close.  Goddamn, Sam!  If we don't start reading between the lines here! Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level - like the CIA does. We're through the looking glass. Here white is black and black is white.
Hey, pipe the bimbo in red.  What ever happened to that little gal you was dating in the Quarter - from Opelousas, y'know, elevator didn't go to the top floor but tits could smother gumbo with.
Always - like tits on a pig.  I wish I had a million of those bimbettes.
You got some company, wants to talk wid you.  You behave now, boy, y'hear.
I remember he had some kinda thing wrong with his left leg.  He limped. Don't get me wrong, he's not one of those, you know, limp wrists.  He's a butch John.  You'd meet him on the street, you'd never snap.  You could go fishing with him, play poker with him, you'd never snap in a million years.  So one night we were over at Ferrie's place.  Having a party. Sometime in the late summer of '63.
Y'know he had all those mice cages around cause he's working on this cure for cancer... Dave's smart - real smart - speaks five languages, knows philosophy, medicine, military history, politics.  He wanted to be a priest but they defrocked him 'cause he was queer...
...well the party got crazier and crazier, one of those, y'know "beatnik" type things.
...then the Cubans left and the bullshitting was going on, Dave was drunk, really drunk and he starts in with Kennedy again.
Hey, sorry, buddy.  I just thought it was that sonofabitch Kennedy, y'know.  I couldn't help myself.
I told your uncle I never met a lawman who wasn't a punk.  You too, Bill, even if you're family.  He's a big shot businessman.  I seen him on the TV news a lot with all the other big shots.  A fag, you know.  Goes by another name down here.
Pffft!  Absolute nonsense.  The Quarter is filled with vivid imaginations, my dear Mr. Garrison - grimy young hoodlums who'll say and do anything.  As you well know.
rocket scientist father and a Commie spy mother.  You'd never believe half the shit the Agency does.
I knew Oswald.  He was in my Civil Air Patrol unit.  I taught him everything.  A "wanna be," y'know, nobody really liked him cause he was a snitch.  I treated him good.  He'd talk about his kid, y'know, really wanted her to grow up with a chance, but... He got a raw deal.  The Agency fucked him.  Just like they're gonna fuck me.
We've obviously got the bastards worried now.  I'm going to Washington.
When you're in a war, boss, you use every weapon you got.
Subpoena them, Lou - Dulles, the Cabells, Time-Life... the whole damned lot of 'em!
She's the best damn witness we have!
This is Louisiana, chief.  How the hell do you know who your daddy is? 'Cause your momma told you so... You're way out there taking a crap in the wind, boss, and I for one ain't going along on this one.
I will not have any damned ultimatums put to me, Lou.  I'll accept your resignation.
We studied the memos - there was nothing there, chief, nothing!  When we went to confront him, the landlady said that sonofabitch just took off, left everything.
What else was going on in Dealey Plaza that day?  At least 12 other individuals were taken into custody by Dallas police.  No records of their arrests.  Men acting like hoboes were being pulled off trains, marched through Dealey Plaza, photographed, and yet there is no records of their arrests.
Cap'n, I know you're working like a hound dog down there to get this mess wrapped up, but I gotta tell you there's too much confusion coming out of Dallas now.  The TVs and the papers are full of rumour 'bout conspiracies.  Two gunmen, two rifles, the Russkies done it, the Cubans done it, that kinda loose talk, it's carin' the shit outta people, bubba'. This thing could lead us into a war that could cost 40 million lives. We got to show'em we got this thing under control.  No question, no doubts, for the good of our country... you hear me?
One worried sonofabitch with a few million dollars turns to the others... with a few million dollars... and says something pretty direct like...
I knew the man 20 years.  That's him.  The way he walked... arms at his side, military, the stoop, the haircut, the twisted left hand, the large class ring.  What was he doing there?  If anyone had asked him, he'd probably say "protection" but I'll tell you I think he was giving some kind of "okay" signal to those hoboes - they're about to get booked and he's telling 'em it's gonna be okay, they're covered.  And in fact they were - you never heard of them again.
JOINTS TO
BURKEWAITE
TIM-Bitchin’
CU
BURKEWAITE
BURKEWAITE.
CU
I can’t find my damn book!
What a douche-bag. INT.
Don’t mess with a Kappa bitch! The crowd cheers, bringing the levity back to the affair. Somebody CRANKS the music as Danielle pulls Tree into a hug. INT. FRAT HOUSE - EVENING The party is in full swing. Empty plastic cups shake on the speakers pumping out some old school party anthem. Pushing through the throngs of REVELERS we find Tree in the corner with Danielle and some other randoms. Tree checks her cell phone -- no new messages. The disappointment registers on her face.
Bitch I’m Sweet!
I ain’t met a man who can do that yet. Excuse me— A COUPLE OF ARMED HARDCASES have entered through the doors behind Nat.
Get ‘em over to Doc Brown’s. And take they guns over to the Sheriff. He can give ‘em back when they leave town. The men pick up the two Hardcases and carry them out. Nat turns his gaze to Cuffee.
I’da bet my left 6-shooter, he was bout to kill that man.
He might coulda said nincompoop.
We ain’t no nincompoop. PASSENGERS are poking their heads out of the carriage windows as the outlaws walk to the train.
My name is Cherokee Bill. Let it be known that I don’t particularly enjoy violence, that being said, you are now in the company of extremely violent individuals. So...Don’t do no stupid shit, alright? The BIGGEST MAN of the passengers steps to the front. He is suited and has a long curly mustache, like that of a typical 19th century athlete.
State your purpose, bastard?
Now you take that money you took off them Crimson Hoods and buy that ranch you’re always blabbing about.
-- when he is, maybe I’ll come back to this town... Because I ain’t paying shit. He turns to leave, but— Rufus exits the saloon- the crowd take him in.
You ever shot a sheriff, boy? A mayor? Little harder than shooting regular folk. And I’m both.
You got your reasons you want Rufus gone and I got mine. Ain’t the enemy of my enemy my friend? Rufus tryin’ to save Redwood. But for that he need money. And that’s one thing he ain’t have. Wiley tenses.
Shiny shit get shot.
So you still sayin’ you don’t know nothin’ about that money and you done come here alone? Mary tied up in the chair, grins.
Whoever die first.
Aww, You’re pretty though. Ah, take her ass back in there. Trudy turns around and heads to the jail. The Gunmen behind Mary lead her back to the jail after Trudy. Angel remains, staring at Nat.
Nah, that ain’t me. I’m the Cherokee Bill that shoots men in the mouth that talk too much.
Ooh shit, How you reckon I’ma get that? Rufus turns to Nat.
Shit, I didn’t even rehearse that one. Cherokee holds a moment... And speaks sincerelyCHEROKEE BILL Quick draw, Nat Love a dead man walking... but you don’t have to be. Why don’t you go back to your horse, get your shit and back to wherever it is you call home. Beckwourth smiles that signature smile.
Alright Fellas. Mary turns to Bass Reeves.
And a big ass F-14 Tomcat. You never heard such a beautiful noise.
None taken. Can a fella get a drink in this joint? I'll buy you one.
I mean blunt, sir. Now I'm retired I seem to have this fuck you attitude that goes with old men and young studs. He looks directly at Serling.
You fucked up, sir. You made a command decision in a combat environment under hostile fire -and you were wrong. That's the chance you take when you make decisions. Nobody's perfect -not even the sainted General Hershberg. You make decisions and you hope you're right more than you're wrong. Just like any other job. Except when a combat officer fucks up -- people get killed. It's a war, sir. People get killed. I repeat for the particularly dense. You are going to make mistakes. Some people will die. Don't make the same mistake twice. And drive on. You're a good officer, sir, the best combat officer I've seen in almost thirty years. You belong
I'm getting too salty in my old age. Stick around, sir. We'll talk about the good times. Shoot the shit. Smoke and joke.
Uh, let's see. Major what's his butt ... Carden Party. Serling eyes Altameyer.
We set down once, dust storm. That and the oil fires. We couldn't see shit so we hit ground to wait it out, let it blow over. We were down for a half hour or so. Then we went back up. God, I hate the dust. Hate the dust. Hate it. He hates something.
You wouldn't get me in no tank. Death traps. There you are sitting on five hundred gallons of diesel fuel, a couple hundred rounds of high explosive artillery in your ass pocket. We saw a lot of dead tanks with crispy critters hanging out of them over there.
Yeah. Took a bullet. Didn't feel it until we got to the MASH. In the back, scraped a rib, through and through. Little shit. Altameyer steps into the ring where MEDINA, another boxer, waits. Serling looks at the old man who yelled, MCQUILLEN, natty even in fatigues - starched, tailored fatigues.
You poor bastard. He offers Serling another beer.
Oh... I'm so sorry, Major. damn sorry.
Do skunks get drunk? Serling looks at them.
Know why I like to come here? No. Not to rubberneck the women in bikinis. The kids. I love watching kids. There's something about them. They do the damnedest things, never think about the consequences. Talk about brave.
There's this kind of woman, you don't just meet them in the Army. They want a man's job, they figure the way to be is tougher than a man. I don't fault 'em none. It's a tough row to hoe, but they end up being one thing... He looks to Serling to finish.
She was alright. Hey, she could fly. That was her job. But, hell you can train a ten year old to fly a UH1, that don't make them Norman Fucking Schwartzkopf. She got on my ass, but I put her right. Here try it.
I know that Kuwait thing wasn't his cross to bear. I know that. But I want him to know something. If he gets ready to send our kids off to fight he better have tried everything he could to avoid it first. I'm talking negotiating like it was his own life -- or his kid's. It seemed after Vietnam, for a while there, we thought twice before sending our kids in harms way. Lately, though, it's more like every time some half-assed politician starts dipping in the opinion polls he invades some pisspot country. And American kids die. If he's going to do that -- it damned sure better be worth it. Damned sure. He is surprised at his own passion.
...I have a bottle of George Dickel in front of me. I don't want to drink any of it. But...
Well, General, I've got one eyewitness who recites the recommendation like he was reading it to the rest of the class. She's a hero. I've got another that says it's all a lie, she was a coward or incompetent or both. And the last says no comment, she was a bitch on wheels. But they all have this in common. They want me to stop.
Don't give me any shit about drinking and driving, sir. I'm not in the mood. Have some. He offers the bottle to Serling.
You know, you can talk about killing somebody. Wolf talk, you know. "I'll kill you motherfucker, I'll waste your ugly ass." We all say it. But killing somebody... it's a hard thing to do. Easy to pull the trigger. Hard to live with.
It's the grey areas that get you. You know, right or wrong, black and white... Who'd ever think killing would be a grey area. It's wrong to kill someone. That's one of the black and whites, one of the Ten Commandments. Then you get in the Army. You kill people. It's part of the job, they say. You kill someone, the Army says it's okay -- then it's okay. Maybe that makes it okay for them, but it don't make it okay for you.
You don't have to prove you've got more balls than a man to make Major.
Rady, goddamnit.
Boy why you askin’ him ‘bout his money?
You get what you pay for.
You know Bernie, I’ve spent a lot of time down South, between the marches and working with Kunstler, and one thing I can tell you, that guy looks like a redneck. 133
Listen, you little piece of-Mom!
I've gotta get one of those balls, Al. Somehow, some way.
I know you, Al. The only reason you're doing this is to get into that blonde babe's pants!
You!
So. You must want one of those balls pretty bad.
Fred is crippled and retarded. Please play along.
Everyone is so damned sensitive these days.
I'm a retard!
So ... this ragged urchin is my 'diamond in the rough. 1
But I'm warning you, you baaaad boy-- no more freebies! Abu snaps his fingers
Jafar! You ... traitor!
~o ~rickery, you rotund nincompoop-it is ;power! A shadow falls across the courtyard. The crowd gasps-The Genie, huge, looms over the palace. Abu and the Carpet clutch each other in terror.
You have more luck than brains, urchin--
Five years ago, we got our asses kicked, right?
Cap, I’ve got to say that outfit does nothing for your ass.
That is America’s ass.
Unruly wretches.
You may not know it now, but someday you’re going to be a real pain-in-the-ass. Just then...THE ARCHIVE DOOR OPENS.
One of them had a hippie beard.
Crikey O’Reilly.
Why are we talking as if she’s dead? We have the stones. Bring her back. C’mon, stop this shit. Clint squeezes away tears. CLINT BARTON We can’t get her back.
I like you very much lover boy.
This is not the way you make money young man.
You look great. You look like babyface.
Mark's not here man.
Leave her alone, man. She doesn't want to talk to you.
I see you're still conceited.
Spuds McKenzie.
Oh, it's a real tragedy. She used to come in here, sit up on the bar and shit . . . She was like our mascot.
Oh, shit, Dave. She told you.
Twat steak!
--Who the fuck is this guy? You're here because Jack Doyle had us extend you a courtesy. You got something to contribute, be my guest. Otherwise go back to your Harry Potter book.
A pornographer, Helene . . .
I give a fuck.
Nintey five thousand dollars?!
Poor prick.
Bitches love the cheddar.
Lift up yo shirt.
Yeah but, the one cop told me that two years ago some guy killed his wife and dumped her in there-- the divers found the body . . .but it was so dark they lost it and then they could never find it again. There's so many crags and outcroppings and old cars and shit.
I g o t wet t o d a y .
He l i e d t o me.
Why you lyin' Lionel?
Howrs your girlfriend?
Or cramming in sex, or car chases, or guns. Or characters learning profound life lessons. Or characters growing or characters changing or characters learning to like each other or characters overcoming obstacles to succeed in the end. Y'know? Movie shit.
I swear, it'd be fucking great for someone to have the testicles to make that book into a movie, man. Instead of this bullshit all the time. Something not about sex and violence and car chases and love stories, people learning profound lessons. Jesus, isn't nature enough?
Pseudemys floridana. Did you fellas know you fellas believe the world rests on the back of a turtle? Not you fellas specifically. Although, maybe you fellas specifically. That I can't speak to.
To a fucking awesome assignment, man.
You'll like him. He's so honest and smart. It's rare to find someone in this town who thinks about things other than this fucking business, y'know?
We got fuckin' poachers, Barry.   Ha!
Schroeder fell to his death.
The state couldn't successfully prosecute him. Because he's an Indian and it's his right. As repugnant as you or I as white conservationists might find his actions.
I dropped turtles when I fell in love with Ice Age fossils. Learned everything about them. Collected the shit out of 'em. Fossils were the only thing made any sense to me in this fucking world. Y'know?
I'll tell you a story. I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish. I had sixty goddamn fish tanks in my house. I'd skin-dive to find just the right ones. Anisotremus virginicus, Holacanthus ciliaris, Chaetodon capistratus. You name it. Then one day I say, fuck fish. I renounce fish.
Take me in to the Fakahatchee. Show me a ghost in bloom, and it's yours.
No shit I'm a fun character.
I wear this just to screw with 'em.
It's goddamned honest, Jerry.   It's true.
Kaufman sits across from Valerie, a pretty film executive. He eyes her as she picks at her salad. She looks up and he looks down. He sweats. She compliments him on his work. She rubs her nose. He pulls at his nostrils. He tries to sound like he knows what he's talking about. He's full of shit.
She said, John, if you keep searching for something past doubt, past hopelessness, past the absolute certainty that you'll never find it, if you keep searching past that, there it'll be. So we walked. I had goddamn bloody blisters on my feet. And we found ourselves in this charred prairie, desolate, sun blasted, y'know. And there in the middle of it was this one gorgeous, snowy Polyrrhiza lindenii.
What the hell is Me, Myself, and I?
Just a thought, buddy. He's really goddamn amazing at structure.
Hey, how's the trip? Gettin' it on with that lady journalist? You dog you!
Go for it, bro. You the man.
From Weirdo Laroche. Bully for you.
The jewel of the Fakahatchee.
I don't write this kind of bullshit.
You got a fucking awesome third act.
Good. Good. Are you at work? The bird woman scratches her ass - unaware that she's being checked out.
Wanna get stoned?
It means "stay quiet". It's a hobo code.
Of course. That's as common as tits and hamburgers.
Shit. Everybody thinks that, but the world can't support it. Somebody has to sweep the floor. This fucked up idea that life owes us a god damn good story is a bunch of crap. We're not all special and we're certainly not equal. That's the biggest lie ever. Bar Buddy looks at Sam - sees his beaten expression. Understands it. He puts his hand on Sam's shoulder.
Los Angeles is filled with skunks. Especially the east side.
Fuck me. Near the entrance, he sees Troy, one of the Rabbit convertible girls. As he steps closer, focusing his eyes, Troy spots him and pushes through the crowd - rushing out the door. Sam follows picking up the pace.
I got ways, Lenny, I got ways.
Sure, like this low-grade shit here, some girl in a fight with her boyfriend... it's a test-pattern. Nothing happens.  I'm snorin'.
Yo, Skinner.  The Skin Man.
Let me get this straight... you gonna pay me 200 bucks to put on a hair net and bang some beautiful babe.  I don't know, I gotta think about this.
Come on, amigo, the world's full of marks.  And nobody knows how to work 'em like you do, pal.  You could sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a wedding ring!  Let me buy you a drink.
Sleaze to peddle.
Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime, it's what we are.  But now the risks are outa line.  The streets are a war zone.  And sex can kill you.  So you slip on the trodes, you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
Dammit, Lenny, you made me late.
Cut it out, Tran.
Look, baby, I've watched you create yourself out of nothing.  You're like a goddamn cruise missile, targeted on making it.  And you will.
Damn right.
I figured, what the hell, I could take the prick's money and make sure Faith was OK at the same time.  Do us both good.  Right?
Hey Lenny, where the hell are you, I think Tran's got Beemer looking for you.
You're some piece of work, you know that.  Just calmly backstroking around in the big toilet bowl, and somehow you never let it touch you. I mean, between Vice and this so- called occupation you're in now, you must've seen it all.
Jesus, Mace.  Back off.
You're crazier than I thought, Lenny.  Coming here... Tran's just in there.
Then what?  Then what, Lenny?!  You going to protect me?  Big tough guy. You're a talker, Lenny.  You don't even have a gun.
So the guy's not a sicko.
Yo, Mace.  Whatup wit you, homegirl? You never come roun' here no more.
You're that rap puke?  Jeriko One? You're the one getting all the gangbangers to form citizens groups and go downtown... trying to rake the LAPD over a cheese grater?
Deputy Commissioner Palmer Strickland.  The sanctimonious prick who busted me out.  His ass is so tight when he farts only dogs can hear it.  I know this guy.  If there's one cop who's not dirty it's him.
Whoever killed Iris did Tick.  It's the same sick wirehead shit.  Same reason... to burn the trail.  If Faith knows anything about this, and I think she does, then she's on the list.  So... who's driving?
Just get your butt down here.  If I'm not at the shindig downstairs go to the room.  It's 2203.  You writin'?
I worked Vice, Narcotics... Violent Crimes... and I saw every known depravity.  I was lost, Mace.  In outer darkness.  Then I busted this strung-out little teeny-hooker. When I met Faith she was just another runaway giving twenty dollar blowjobs to buy crank.  Another lost soul.
Ah, hell.  Lenny--
You know, statistically that's the second most common word people say right before they die.  Shit being number one.
Just those two loose-cannon cops running around covering their butts.
Yeah, well I want a date with Theda Bara but that ain't gonna happen either.
I-don't know. They're tight bastards. HOWARD
Cellophane ... If you had any idea of the crap people carry around on their hands.
Why the hell not?! The damn thing's a flying ooat.. What did they used to make boats out of?! Think of the Hercules like a Spanish Galleon -- a goddamn flying Spanish Galleon! They pull up to Kate's trailer. He kisses her cheek.
Take a look ... She's the XF-11 reconnaissance flier, spy plane really. Her top speed is 450 -- which means she can outrun anything they throw against her. After the Japs stole my H-1 design for their goddamn Zeros, I figured I needed to do 'em one better. Designed every inch of her myself.
18 million for the first forty ... Hell, TWA can't afford that. The damn airline is flat broke ... I guess
We're in a street fight with that sonofabitch and I am not going to lose. I been fighting high hat, Ivy League pricks like him my whole life. And listen, fire Ray Loewy. He's spying for Trippe. That shitheel knew all about the buttons. Spies in my midst. 'Scuse me.
What the hell is this? HOWARD
Oh Christ, Howard, on the telephone ... You listen to my phone calls?
That's because I'm so goddamn loud. He smiles . Tears cqming to his_ eyes . He leans his whole body against the door, wanting to be closer.
It's called the. Hercules -- and it'll fly goddammit!
Fuck. Then he turns back to his executives:The sun is high. The prospector climbs from a hole sweating, shirt off, further up the hill, his sack of nuggets half-full. PROSPECTOR
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPP
BILLY KNAPPI'm sorry I can be such a shit to you sometimes. I don't know why I do that. Just know that I love you, ok? I just really... love you both... 3A
Then why are you even taking classes, dumb-ass? Nearing their own house, Jay notices a very HANDSOME young man washing his car in a driveway across the street. GREG HANNIGAN, 21, sees them. He waves casually - without a smile.
Get out of my way.
Parking garage! Get your asses down here!
I’m gonna go in my pants!
I grabbed the reins of the horse that was my life and I slapped that horse's ass and I made it ride where I wanted it to ride. Not down some shitty path that the horse wanted to ride. Because horses are idiots.
Are you a prostitute?
Picture this: underwear with compartments that separate your dick from your balls.
It should be a non-stick spray for your balls, like Pam.
Wait, wait, I got one. Regular sized condoms that are packaged in Magnum condom wrappers. So the girl you’re with thinks you’ve got a big dick.
That sounds like a gay friend who soaps up your back in the shower.
Okay, that’s pretty gay. not a product.
You’re not Nagopian.
Okay, here’s how I see this going down. Motherfucker and I will stage a fight in the club. As soon as the guards come inside to break it up, you and Dale climb the fence, hot wire the truck, drive it through the fence and pick us up out front.
Ow. Ow! Shit! He reaches the ground. See?
No fucking way. Nagopian gives his wife a kiss and lifts up his son for a hug.
Just my penis.
have the blinis. CHLOE
Never mind, fella. Chris turns,
fella.
What are you two bickering
"The Woman in White".
- I don't let anybody
Take your boy back.
Oh, man. Check that motherfucker, Mr. Davis. I love that. Miles swings around, business end gun not exactly pointed at Harper, but close enough - Walter reaches like he might have
Now you don't have to stare. Frances smiles, shrugs, let’s him just hang for a beat before eventually taking the bill. Miles smiles, turns, walking back to the car cool as shit. Somewhere a phone rings. Hello?
Get on with it, man. That signature voice draws Justin’s attention. It takes a second to register but when it does, a “holy fuck... Is that Miles Davis?” look spreads across Justin’s face.
Look, I’d go ape-shit if you would sign a couple of these for me. You do that, it’ll cover what you’re short. Justin finds a pen, holds it out to Miles DAVE For the quarter, yeah?
It's his house. It ain't his party. People just...show up. Harper looks at Walter, chuckles, pointing to Dave, "get a load of this asshole."
Stravinsky, Bartok, Chopin... studied all those cats, man. They broke convention, you know. Pushing back at that... standard, classical bag... Bird and Diz was doing that on stage every night, on the fly. Didn't write it down. Just came out of 'em. Shit was scary. I wanted to quit every night. Dave slips on the gloves, really starts tuning Miles in.
Oh, you want the Dave Braden story, huh? Okay... I was born in Scotland, grew up, wrote some shit, did some other stuff, then I came to your house. Miles smiles.
- thought it was his job to collect twenty-dollars and fifty cents of fucking alimony. Dave's POV: A beautiful woman, SUSIE, 32, in a parked car at the curb, looking down at him. She mouths, "I love you..." Ralph takes Dave's money and they drive off... A37
Naw, you don't lock down chicks like that, man... Miles hits the bag.
Man, this is some tricky shit.
Hey? I've been calling you all damn day.
They can get by without you for two or three damn days. INTERCUT FRANCES in ECU sitting on the edge of the bed in her room at the SAVOY HOTEL, looking beautiful at 6:30am, like some women do. Baby...
I work in there, man.
Man, you don’t know shit. Miles pushes Junior toward the door. EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING - A BIT LATER - DAY Sketchy hood. Jaguar parked at the curb. Miles, Dave and Junior get out. Passing a couple drunks paper-bagging it, and a TAGGER, hitting up Dali-esque Miles, prettying up the grime. Seminal Hip-Hop coming out of windows, or is that modern Jay-Z on the reel to reel? Miles, Dave and Junior enter the rundown building EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS They take the stairs. Junior puts his key in the door and opens it - enters the apartment with Miles and Dave. INT. JUNIOR’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
What’s wrong with you, man?
I can’t just walk in there with you, man. He’s gonna kill me.
Boy’s got a glass jaw, Harper, I’m telling you. K.O. round 3.
Junkie and the flunky.
He’s got a gun, man.
Rolling Stone passes, so what? Have any idea how many people'll want to buy what I got? You may be a fucking quitter, but you're still an earner, baby. He pops off a shot and Miles chucks the bottle at his head. Dave ducks it quick, guffaws. He pops another picture.
Keep rolling... Dave enters frame, turns to the camera, shrugs; “Is he fucking serious?” Dave calls out to Miles.Don't worry, Arturo. This old bloke is smart enough to know his limitations.
That's the good news. Bad news is, turns out the Aussie bloke who hired me is a second cousin to the Devil himself. I told him I couldn't find the map but he didn't buy it for a minute. And it's only a matter of time before he tracks me down. Which is where you come in, my dear.
Beats the hell outta Work Study.
I can assure you there's one difference between me and every other crackpot who's waltzed into this bunghole town: I don't waste my time on anything less than a sure thing.
For you...? Only five hundred. American. Temo carry everything.
Did you know that 63' of women are multi-orgasmic? It's just not fair.
Peccary my ass.
Just like a lousy Brit to think so small.
At first. Then it went bad. You se, I hadn't counted on the fact that once I incorporated this bloke into my act, he had complete power over me.
How fast can you gid?
Sarah, you can't talk like this!
Oh, no! Oh, fuck, Ben, look at your face. You get in a fight? I thought you didn't fight. Goddammit. How do you feel? Wait here. Sit down.
Yeah, same old shit. Too graphic... not suitable for mass consumption... one of those... I forget. Who cares.
Early Grayce!
Early Grayce if this ain't your lucky day.
Early Grayce, June twenty third.
Shit, it ain't hard to play pool. I can teach you everything ya need ta know.
When you gonna give me so o' that!
Hey Asshole!
Gotta take a piss.
Any reebs left in the back seat?
No, it's all yours. It's on me... for saving my ass back there.
...Out whoopin' it up, a drankin' and ever' thang.
Bri', you're jerkin' it when you pull the trigger, hold it real steady.
Oh come on, don't give me that shit... you wanted to take these photos as much as I wanted you too.
I knew that boy'd have a hogleg here somewhere.
Where's the damn forks and spoons at!
Damn right I do.
You never killed anyone have you Bri'?
Well 'Peaches'... you're a widow now.
Nobody wants to hurt you Peaches!
That was damn tricky of you Bri.
If there is I betcha the Hulk could whip his ass.
You cain't have her cause we sharing already.
These my f.riends. This is Dough, his brother Ricky, and that's Tre. DONETTA
What's this? Barbecue? You didn't bring me no swine did you?
Ther.e was this girl, everybody was .trying to rush. Baby was fine, body was 'boornin', like right outta Jet centerfold o somethin. Tisha gets out of the car and walks straight towards Tre. The crowd of guys. part to let her gracefully advance.
Fuck the police. DISSOLVE TO:
Where else? Up on Crenshaw with the rest of those fools and their cars. 72
We just sitting up here getting drunk, philosophizing about God, church and bitches and all. Just then a group of about ten brothers all dressed in black pants and b.lack satin jackets walk up the street in, a drove. As they pass one of them brushes up against Ricky. He is about the same size as Rick with a pugged face and a long·out of date jeri curl. This is FERRIS, a gangsta and member of.the Hyundai club. Ferris turns around to look at Ricky.
Are you gonna come live here over the summer before you go? ••• You think I worked my ass through college to see you still living down there?!
Boy! Go get this girl some cornmeal. You should be happy somebody's cooking for your ass.
Hey man, what she hit you for?
See I gotta think about my little boy and all. I don't wanna be like my brother and shit, hanging out not doing shit, end up dealing cane just like him. I want do something be somebody.
Man I'm telling you, you go in there you ..ain 't gonna be nobody, not,unless you get a college degree then at least you can be an officer. 88
Stupid ass mutt. CUT TO:
Yeah shit like that. ~·. and I started thinking y'know ... they either. don't know, don't show, and don't care what be going on in the hood. They had all that foreign shit instead ... They didn't show nothing about my brother. Dough Boy starts to cry. All of the pent up emotion and aggression flows through his eyes. Tre hands him a napkin. The red juice from the fruit is on it. Dough Boy rubs his eyes.
Jesus Christ, this guy's really got water on the brain.
Look, pal. I make an honest living. People don't come to me unless they're miserable and I help 'em out of a bad situation. I don't kick them out of their homes like you jerks who work in the bank.
Hey, c'mon, Jake. Sit down. Sit down. You hear about the fella goes to his friend and says, 'What'll I do, I'm tired of screwing my wife?' and his friend says, 'Whyn't you do what the Chinese do?'
...and then they stop and they read a little Confucius and they screw some more and they stop and they smoke some opium and then they go back and screw some more and they stop again and they contemplate the moon or something and it makes it more exciting. So this other guy goes home to screw his wife and after a while he stops and gets up and goes into the other room only he reads Life Magazine and he goes back and he screws some more and suddenly says excuse me a second and he gets up and smokes a cigarette and he goes back and by this time his wife is getting sore as hell. So he screws some more and then he gets up to look at the moon and his wife says, 'What the hell do you think you're doing?
Gittes, for Chrissakes.
Sorry. Look, you sue me, your husband dies, you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato, and all of it quicker than wind from a duck's ass. Excuse me. Then you ask me to lie to the police.
She ain't exactly long in the tooth now.
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis' girlfriend.
Sheriff's gold posse... bunch of damn fools who pay $5,000 apiece to the sheriff's reelection. I let 'em practice up out here.
What happened to your nose, Gittes? Somebody slam a bedroom window on it?
C'mon, you think you're dealing with a bunch of assholes? Mulwray had salt water in his goddam lungs! Now how did he get that... in a fresh water reservoir?
Velly velly bad.
Oh, Christ. Escobar, you don't know what's going on. Let her go. I'll explain it later.
Gittes, stay outta this.
Damn.
Ever seen a dawg didn't like to piss on a tire?
shit, hogl
You eID guys goin' redneck?
Who put this harrow out here in the road like this?
Fuckin' spectacular.
You're a real ballbuster, Sunhill.
In effect, Colonel Hellmann was left holding his dick on the airfield. Brenner catches Hellmann's stare, sorry he did. is shooting death rays.
If I discover otherwise, you'll be out of the Army so quick you'll think you were shot from a cannon. Hellmann stares at Brenner unhappily.
Fellas, why don't ya'll get a drink at the bar?
Why? Zaccardo looks on her.
Well forgiivvee meee...
People spend a lot of hard earned money for this neighborhood.  It's not fair... looking out their windows to see your ass asleep on the streets...
However, the ability to bean a shithead can be a fabulous advantage.
SUPER-BUM, man! Fucking Marvel Comics...
I'm talkin' to somebody.  Ya gotta yell like a banshee?!!
....You must have heard about it. That nut who listened to the radio?
Isn't it great up here... He's gone now, but we had him on the run! We would've had his ass if we had horses! He's running scared!
Come on, try it. Ya feel the air on your body - ya little fella's flappin' in the breeze. ...everybody in the city is busy with their business and no one knows we're bare assed in the middle of it. Come on!
You love her alot Jack. You're ... crazy about her...It's just that, sometimes, you're a little bit of an asshole.
You know, let me tell you something! I'm not that kind of person. I don't do people favors. If I talk to you it's because I want to. So we're not all ...uh...Jerri Hall...Big deal... What a boring world if we were. You do the best you can with what you got. You're not so so invisible, ya know... You want make an impression? Try this; you can be a real bitch.
Don't you look all duded up!
Well, I suppose you had to start -M. GUSTAVE Go light the goddamn candle.
You are, but you’re bisexual!
What happened, my dear Zero, is I beat the living shit out of a snivelling, little runt called Pinky Bandinski who had the gall to question my virility -because if there’s one thing we’ve learned from penny dreadfuls, it’s that, when you find yourself in a place like this, you must never be a candy-ass. You’ve got to prove yourself from Day One. You’ve got to win their respect. Of course, I’ve got about a foot and a half of reach on Pinky, so once I’d pried him loose out from under my armpit, it was short order before I whipped him into scrambled eggs.
I know, but the bitch legged it. She’s already on the Queen Nasstasja half-way to Dutch Tanganyika. M. Gustave sighs and stares at the floor, shaking his head. He looks like he is about to cry. Zero says finally -- almost inaudibly:
Me and the boys talked it over. We think you’re a real straight fella.
Well, I suppose I’d better take back everything I just said. What a bloody idiot I am. Pathetic fool. Goddamn selfish bastard. This is disgraceful -and it’s beneath the standards of the Grand Budapest. Zero looks increasingly concerned as M. Gustave begins to come unglued. Tears stream down M. Gustave’s face. He stands at attention and says with deep deference:
The Porter is stunned.
Leave her alone Mum. You've got her wrong. She's a good girl.
Mum, don't talk to her like that. Mai sits down.
Have these savages housed at the New Haven gaol! EXT.
He's like a man from my village who hires himself to scrape elephant shit from the crop rows.
I object to this portrayal of my clients as nocturnal beasts of prey. We have plenty of Negroes living in our community and none range through the countryside attacking people in a blood lust.
He leans close to Burna.
gets a smile out of Burna.
On Spanish plantations these slaves always choose to live in hovels, surrounded by their own filth teaching each other their own ways and simple languages.
beats furiously on the wall with his brass piss-pot: BANG -- BANG -- BANG.
The great kingdom of our ancestors. Big armies, big navy, big Gods. Nothing but a big desert now. And it's children are in jail digging holes to shit in.
George Simms, Tennessean.
Jesus, Peggy. Take it easy. I'm not used to that stuff. You always did the bills. Blame the damn post office.
You always were a crazy little gal, Peg.
I was there. She told the creep off right to his face.
Peggy, do you know what a penis is?
Can you believe I want to marry that dork.
Look at Dolores. What a tramp.
That commie beatnik? What's she doing with him? Wait'll I tell Charlie.
icrowavemays, ocketpay alculatorcays...
Oh shit! Peggy, I'm going to snap you out of it.
Look, Carol, maybe Walter's done you a big favor. You always said you wanted to get out of town. Go for it. And be happy, goddamnit, I'm rooting for you.
Yes you do. Thanks to my badass self.
Thanks for the coffee. Rebecca watches her walk off. She takes another sip.
Hell, I wanna be me when I grow up.
Hellllo. I'm studying. She takes his book. He's on page two.
Rebecca seems to be doing well.
Straight, gay, or ambidextrous?
Oh, shit. Forgot to tell you. got a replacement for Ferris.
And that scares shit out of me, kid. No one requests to come down here unless they're lookin' for a reputation. There's no room here for showboats, anyone lookin' for somethin' to prove. I won't stand for it. (beat} Don't get me wrong, kid. We need good cops down here. And they say you're good at what you do. But the team comes first. You live by that, you'll be okay and we'll all be there for you. Remember, the door swings both ways. That's it.
Ramon Vega, the crack-king. one of the biggest operators in East LA. Hundred keys a week. Leona studies the mark on Ramon's chest. Leona That mark. Jamaican voodoo. They were going to take his heart. Terror tactics. Use it to scare shit out of their enemies.
We're going to have to play this real cool. These guys sure the fuck ain't DEA. But whoever they are, they've got the Pope's blessing.
But watch your ass, Danny Boy.
God-damnit, Mike, I'm trying to save your ass. I don't like being told how to do my job anymore than you, but this is the Fed's call.
Then all the more reason to stay the hell out of it.
I don't know what the killer's connection is with Keyes, but he's killing drug pushers, big time operators, the heavies. If these killings are revenge motivated, the man who knows why is Willie.
Leona Jesus, Mike, where have you been? You were supposed to be here three hours ago. We've been scared shit.less.
... and then there was the guy who robbed the sand Lon Fairfax, wearing nothing but a grocery bag on his head, a G-string, and combat boots. Got away with twenty grand. An hour later, when we collared Leroy at his girlfriend's, we asked him why the disguise. He said, he didn't want to wear anything recognizable. A brilliant concept, except that Leroy, a three-time loser, has a twelve inch tattoo of a razor back hog c;>n his ass.
He ain't gonna shoot us. dude?
Don't be shy, motherfucker, let's dance!!! He SEES a slight movement and FIRES into the darkness, a FLASH of the ricocheting bullet briefly outlining a huge, mottled image -- another movement, he FIRES again emptying his weapon, more FLASHING HITS off the Predator's helmet and armour. He racks in another speed loader, the gun reloaded in a second.
Al spared no expense on this one, Byron. Probably cheaper just to let me rob the damned thing.
Where you fellas from anyway?
You ever work for a blind Irishman in Dodge City.
Ben Wade don’t need our shit horses.
You do that, every man, woman and child in this shit-piss town will be slaughtered by daybreak. Dan and the others look to-Byron McElroy in the doorway. Blood seeps from the bandage around his gut. He holds his shotgun. Potter trails after him, trying to finish his dressing.
I can ride a goddam horse as easy as I can sit here.
What’d Ben Wade mean about sending Pa back all right. Was he saying he was gonna kill him?
I’d be asleep in my bed if it weren’t for you. So if I got to be up, you’re damn well gonna be up with me, Ben Wade.
I wanna warn you fellas, tell you one by one -- what makes a gallows rope to swing is a woman and a gun. Wade rolls over, simmering. We see him discreetly remove the length of COPPER WIRING from his jacket, twisting it tightly around both his hands like a shiv...
...I always liked you, Byron. But you’ve never known when to shut up. He kneels down to the tough old man’s face and pulls him upright. McElroy glares at him.
You fellas really gonna help put me on this train.
Oh come now Will! Compared to Kyd? Or Marlowe! What a man. What a life! Spy! Adventurer! Fucked for England! Boys. Girls. Boys and girls. He knew how to live.
Who called me upstart...
Shakespeare. But she won’t put up with the monster. You tell me that Southampton says you’ve lived a little life. What an arse! You have conquered England and returned victorious to the bosom of your family? Is that little?
Name another writer the bloody actors have revered like that? Yes we tease you Will. I’ve done it myself. A lot. ‘Not without right’.
But you have your family and your friends, a full fire and a full belly. And oh, by the way you have written the greatest body of plays that ever were or will be. Damn your eyes you bastard! Yes my friend, I think you got what you deserved. Will is much moved by all of this.
Hang it above the bar if you wish for I have no more need of it. You all know me anyway! I’m the son of a dodgy trader and my wife was three months knocked up when I took her to the altar. One of my girls married a carnal copulator no offense Jude...
Bloody right!
Shit, Lats, you look buffed, man. You put on some weight?
It's better. More exciting, more intense, more fun. In life, people are always wondering how they measure up; whether they're getting ahead or fallin' behind. In football, you know. Every week you get a chance to show what you're made of, a chance to demonstrate the physical and personal qualities that all those poor bastards who can't play this game are left to agonize about.
Slow down, damnit. Joe... Joe!
Just tryin' to keep my edge, Camille. The other guys look to me cause they think I'll do anything. I lose that, I'm just another guy, and we all get our ass kicked.
Kill everybody.
Bullshit. You meant it. I wouldn't be standing here now, everybody thinkin' I'm a stupid asshole, if I didn't know you meant it. I wanna see you, Autumn. Not in study hall. Not like your student. Like somebody to be taken seriously.
I've got better tits.
Shut up, Camille.
God Joe, oh god, are you allright?
I'm a Kane, Camille. That's all it takes. We're cut out to be drunks and fuck-ups. We never live up to expectations. It's in our blood. My dad, brothers, uncles -- we all drink and sooner or later we all fuck up. My dad went the longest. Waited till he was playin' triple A ball, before he hit the wall. Sometimes I feel like I'm just waiting for my turn. The better I do, the closer it gets.
Then why you smilin' at him?
Doesn't make any difference. It made the papers, all the wire services. The guy had to go to the hospital. Worst of all they got you on drunk driving. You had a blood alcohol level .50 above the legal limit. We can't smooth that over, Joe. It'd look like we were sprayin' Pledge on bird shit. We had to agree to send you to Rehab.
Don't mess with me, Learnihan. I'll have you teachin' Study Hall.
You gotta quit beatin' up on yourself. Let me see that hand.
Yo, Driver, you got any Bang in this whip?!
No. Not us. You and him. You're saving up for a bloody Sunseeker. I don't see myself hiding below deck like Nosferatu, doing laundry, do you? ...Folding your underwear. Making pigs in a blanket.
No one goes in without Federale escort. I am in charge.
Tracked him halfway `cross the Atlantic they said. And you was underwater. Inside a sub. And you found him anyway. Shit. That's a gift. That's trackin'!
Yo. Girlie. You gotta pay for that.
As the children became older, they became difficult to control.
By assholes.
They work day and night, no drivers, shucking their cloned up super-corn. Bears fruit in half the time. Taste like shit, though.
How long's your girl been that way?
Your baby boy just took out the most wanted mutey in the world.
Munson, goddammit! Come out here!
That ain't a torx, honey. That's a phillips head. I need a torx.
Gaby loved that shit.
He DIVES behind a fallen LOG. Snaps the rifle to his shoulder, sights downrange. 300 yards -People are swarming out of the drug mansion. Fuck. He nervously juggles the metal BALL.... absently depresses
Hell, yeah! You know what I’m hungry for? An ASS BURGER! He KICKS Rory. The nick-name confirms our suspicions: the awkward kid is awkward for a reason: the autism spectrum.
Guy was an asshole.
Goddamn space aliens.
Look, I know I’m new, but -- it’d be swell if somebody would kinda sorta, I dunno... tell me what the fuck is going on here? Traeger answers without missing a beat.
What are you, nuts? We gotta move.
You know. Weapons and shit. Nebraska Williams’ brow furrows. Plotting.
Between houses, terrified, THE KUJHAD clutched in his sweaty hand -- the very thing the Predator’s after. EXT. JIM & JOHN’S BAR-B-Q - NIGHT RORY rounds a bend. STOPS in his tracks, path blocked by -Christ. It’s that fucking PIT BULL -- the one that taunts him on the way home from school. The dog GROWLS. Primal. Then, oddly -- moves RIGHT UP TO RORY. Stops beside him. Rory’s brow furrows with confusion... Then, a decision. He reaches out, tentatively... to pet the dog?
A stargazer’s a type of flower; an orchid. And not just any orchid -MCKENNA Holy shit...
Except you’re assholes. Traeger’s grin slips. Then he plasters it back on. Holds up Rory’s drawing: the MAP.
Relax. These guys are mercs-forhire, they’d fuck a woodpile on the off chance there’s a snake in it.
Oh, yeah. Son of a whore went off the reservation. He was in it for profit. Practically stole that Predator for his little science experiments. He’s also the one who framed you.
Oh, we let ‘em out at night. Game preserve, next door. They’re peace emmissaries but... hell, they’re still Predators, they’re gonna kill shit. He lights a cigar:
falls over road. Blotting out the moon. Is it..? It is. THE ARK -- and it’s fucking AIRBORNE--! INT. ARK - THAT MOMENT Dwarfed by the massive “Captain’s chair”, RORY is now wearing the Predator biohelmet, psychically linked to the technology. He works the controls, spins to CASEY:
He never used me tha.t way.
I hea rd you.
Hey, watch where the hell you're stepping.
Gove rnor Santini?
I assume you have a prioTity police
What does that mean ? DONOVA.'f It was Stmonson 1 s churc h . The c op spent t~--enty tni nute·s wich the priest .
Thorn, where the hell have you been?
Hey, punk,. are you with us? II got in last night. Right in time for English Department cocktails. The cock was mine. The tail belonged to a lovely young thing with a passion for D.H. Lawrence.
a dick?
up your dirty
You justPARCHER
Get away from me.
Jesus
Kill the people.
Max you sly puss.
But you may quote me as follows. Quote. Tonight Miss Margo Channing gave a performance in your cockamamie play, the like of which I have never seen before and expect rarely to see again. Unquote.
But not right away? First the business of fighting them off, chin up, stout fella...
Yer damn right.
'Her'.
I from dat nex' place.
You wait here'n to take us?  Like you bus driver to dere?
I nuttin' to do wi' dat.
Doctor lady make it irey.
Can, mistah.  Take me to dat nex' place.
Damn decent of you.
Gay?
'Goddam party'!
But he does give a shit.  Don't you, Bill?
Yeah, I give a shit.
All of a sudden a guy appears on the scene with the Chairman of one of the greatest communications corpora- tions of the world, the boss makes him privy to all the company's secrets, he attends the Board meet- ings, and us working stiffs with MBA's up the ass and years and years and years of experience, we're left outside with our noses pressed against the window.
Don' be facety, woman.
None facety, mistah.  You come for me?  Dat's good news.
Nuthin'.
You not in you right place, mistah.
But I not lonely here.  Somebody want me here.
Joe knew the whole story.  I told him.  It was his idea that I come clean.  I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean?
Dude, she needs your help. You were doing what you had to do.
You’re a tiger. You’re a lion. You are Hercules slashing minotaurs like dollar store discounts. Hulk Hogan getting a settlement for his sex tape. You’ve got this shit, Max. I believe in you. Now get out there and show her the jackpot she scored when she swiped right.
Max, he’s plastered don’t listen to him.
I love you. This girl, man. Max, I’m sorry. I’m full of shit. This girl will take you places. Have never seen someone so committed to those she loves. A true family gal.
How's the old noggin? Any change in the intensity?
You are turning into an old fuddy duddy. Shoe.
There. Just like a baby's butt.
Getting paid for doing shit.
Hey you know what Trev? I'm going to hook you up man. Here...
You know it girl. That ass is a three- hummer baby. Mmm-mmm-mmm.
YOU!
Jesus... who did that to you?
Yahtzee. Were all in this together Trev. Trevor there are people who are doing exactly what we're doing but they don't need to wear a tie, punch a clock or have some tight assed supervisor breathing down their necks. Its all about the pleasure Trevor!
Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there.
That? Just the greatest thing that humans ever made. The Vespa. You sit on it, and it takes you anywhere you want to go. In the whole stinkin’ world. Luca, rapt, reads the Italian on the poster:
Yeah. I get one too sometimes. “Alberto, you can’t. Alberto, you’re gonna die. Alberto, don’t put that in your mouth.” Luca, it's simple: Don’t listen to stupid Bruno. Beat, as Luca puzzles over this-LUCA Why is his name Bruno?
Great! So we’ll just win the race. His cockiness rubs Giulia the wrong way.
Ha. Thinks he’ll beat Ercole, this guy. First of all, GET IN LINE. Every summer that jerk makes my life miserable. So no one’s taking him down unless it’s ME. Even Alberto is cowed by this.
All right, ragazzi. You want that entry fee, you gotta earn it. Giulietta, you make the deliveries--
Already makin’ em.
Wait your turn, Piccoletto.
LUCA
Look. This town is making you crazy. We just need to win that Vespa and get outta here.
distracted by how much human butt he is kicking.
Look at that ass!
Don't look at us, Lazenby! Get your ass in the water! Look at the bottom of the pool! You know, I'm no doctor, Jarrett. I would never have let them put electricity in my head.
Everybody drives you nuts.
He gives everybody a hard time, Dickie.
They're a bunch of boring ass jocks.
Oh. Damn!
Stillman, shut the hell up, would you? Hey, con, you want a ride?
Hey, do me a favor, Stillman, try not to be such a prick.
You want to talk? The guy's a nothing.   He's a zero upstairs. You used to know that about him, Con. Ever since fourth grade, you've known it.
We screwed up this time, Buddy! Dad's gonna haul ass over this!
ogh… pqVt+ik… Chutzpah!
Just then Arshia enters the room. 150
oks tks gS uk… oks yM+dk… That man over there…Oh, oh, he's just...he's just a little nervous. He's really quite a chatterbox. Talk, you boneheaded dolt...
I love to talk. I'm the talkingest damn thing you ever saw.
You know what else everybody likes? Parfaits. Have you ever met a person, you say, "Let's get some parfait," they say, "Hell no, I don't like no parfait"? Parfaits are delicious.
Parfaits may be the most delicious thing on the whole damn planet.
Well, I have to save my ass.
You- - You're a- - an ogre.
You know what? When we met, I didn't think you was just a big, stupid, ugly ogre.
Paid. So...When an ogre in the bush grabs a lady by the tush. That's bad.
your butt!
a big, stupid, ugly ogre. Can you forgive me?
All right, all right. Don't get all slobbery. No one likes a kiss ass. All right, hop on and hold on tight. I haven't had a chance to install the seat belts yet. They climb aboard the dragon and she takes off for DuLoc.
Don't just stand there, you morons.
You're a private eye.  Like Shaft.
Doesn't look like shit.
So, he sent you, gave you the money, his errand-boy.  And if you refused, it wasn't like you could tell anyone your pervert boss just asked you to get him a snuff film.  That's the beauty of lawyer/client privilege.
There wasn't nobody around.  This place was a shit-hole.  I backed up the car to the door and we carried her in, like groceries.  Dino made her eat a bunch of pills, we laid out the plastic, put film in the camera and Machine went to work.
Hey, relax, I nearly shit myself when my boss pulled that one on me.
Once was plenty, fellas.
Her fella.
Go douche.
You!
Old people know stuff like this. Legends, tall tales, shit like that.
Yeah, he's an ass, but he's my brother. Que sera-sera.
You're coming with, portly. 'Cause if I'm attacked, I want a fat man close by.
Hell yeah.
HELLLLLP!!!
HELLLLLLLLP!!!
Dude, are you gay?
Hey, little fella.
HELLLPPP!
I found a new weak spot on 'em, but it damn ain't pretty getting to it.responsibility to present balanced coverage very seriously Parker, you know that. Fine. I'll give you four. I'll nominate him for a goddamn medal, Parker. You have my word.
Christ, Pete, I know you're her boyfriend, and all, but that's above and beyond.
You sucked not.
What a klutz, huh?
They’re jerks. I don’t go swimming with jerks.
You think this fella’s astronaut?
Don’t worry, hard-on. Morticia’s all yours.
When you kissed “Ellen” did it turn you gay?
Where the fuck is “Sawville?” Jeff, wearing a CAVEALIEN tee-shirt, rushes around from the driver’s side of the car, surprised by Bruce’s outburst. Trying to calm him. Easy, man.
Mills, you magnificent bastard. When you said you had a “surprise” in store... More blank looks. talking about.
Gents, you got me all wr...
Always figured this “Gandhi” fella for being some sorta pushover in a diaper...
Look, kid, when you’re in the hero business, there are only two things you need to know. One, monsters are mostly pussies. Two, repeat number one. Wow.
Campbell, you coward! You were supposed to protect us! Branch.
Thought chick’s got off on the whole mano a mano thing.
You think you could beat up Mike Tyson? I mean before he started wiggin out and eating people's ears?
And dude, no one carries their merchandise on them any more. They got messengers for that shit now.
I bet my dad can beat up you dad.
It was Potter and another guy I play football with. They were messing with this Chinese girl. She's kind of fat. She doesn't talk to anybody.
Play it, damnit, play something sweet!!!
So you're the little mariachi that came to town, killed my men, and stole my girl...
Better hustle. CUTTER Look, Sly, I'm not even sure I want this job. The idea of getting back in the shit doesn't exactly thrill me.
You gonna make me a liar? CUTTER Oh, man. Don't give me that look.
Not unless you count one of my officers who got his nose bloodied by a fella who says he works for you -John Cutter.
Fellas, take Mister Cutter downstairs and introduce him to the dentention room. CUTTER Sly, I'm beginning to feel real unpopular.
I gotta get some new brains.
He's at the top of the stairs when he realizes they've closed the hatch on him. Wolfgang's face appears in the window. He gives smiles at Vincent and shrugs as if to say. "Tough shit."
Hey, shithead. Wolfgang whirls. At the far end of the main cabin, a tall figure stands in the aisle. Wolfgang's GUN FLICKERS once. The BULLET SLAMS into the figure and knocks it down.
Fuck, I love Mexico. I live like a king down here.
Take a job, Creasy. Breathe some air. Then decide if you want to... stick around or not.
You're American.
Creasy. Just call me Creasy.
Where are you from, Creasy?
Creasy!
I got you to talk, Creasy bear.
CREASY!
Creasy, what's a concubine?
Good things happen, too, Creasy.
Do you have a girlfriend, Creasy?
I'm not afraid you, Creasy.
I'm tough, Creasy. I'm tough as you.
Creasy.
There's no such thing as tough, Creasy. Just trained and untrained.
For you, Creasy.
CREASY!
Creasy!
Don't die, Creasy, don't die.
Jesus, Creasy. You're talking war.
This is my jurisdiction. I want these men as much as Creasy does.
What was she to Creasy then?
Creasy.
The both of youse, shaddup.
What we say.  I didn't hear Sal say nuthin'.
Da Mayor ain't no bum.
Give dat bum a dollar for sweeping our sidewalk.  What do we pay Mookie for?  He don't even work.  I work harder than him and I'm your own son.
Both of youse--shaddup.  This is a place of business.
No more Bud.  What kind of joint is this?  How come no mo' Bud?  Doctor, this ain't Korea, China, or wherever you come from.  Get some Budweiser in this motherfucker.
You ole drunk.  What did I tell ya about drinking in front of my stoop? Move on, you're blocking my view.
How come you ain't got no brothers up?
Sal, how come you ain't got no brothers up on the wall here?
Sal, that might be fine, you own this, but rarely do I see any Italian Americans eating in here. All I've ever seen is Black folks. So since we spend much money here, we do have some say.
You talk to 'em.
Look, lady.  I carried your pizza up five flights of stairs and shit. The cheese didn't slide over to one side like it sometimes does with delivery people who don't care.  I do care.  May I get paid?
You are too cruel to Da Mayor, it isn't right.
I'm not studying no Mayor.  Besides, he reminds me of my least favorite peoples.  My tenants and my ex- husband--Goddamn-bless his soul.
And move to Long Island.  Number Two: my ex-husband lost all my property, all my money in his scheme to build a Black business empire.  Needless to say what happened, this house is it, all I got.  I'm too through with yar people.
Good, make sure he don't jerk around.
No.  I'm just a struggling Black man trying to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world.
Sweet Dick Willie.
A old drunk bum.
Mookie, get offa da phone.
Sal's Famous Pizzeria, yeah, two large pizzas, pepperoni and anchovies, hold on...  See, Pop, Mookie fucking talking on the phone and people are trying to call in orders.  He's making us lose business.
Yo!  Hold up!  Time out!  Time out! Y'all take a chill.  Ya need to cool that shit out... and that's the truth, Ruth.
We don't know nuthin' else.
That's OK.  At least my moms didn't name me Sweet Dick Willie.
Sweet Dick, I didn't mean it like that.
Jade, I don't want you coming in here no mo'.
One has nuthin' to do with the other.
I think you have the sexiest voice in the world.  All you have to do is talk.
Tina, you don't have a forehead, you got a eight-head.
Thank God for buttocks.
I didn't say nuthin'.  You must have a guilty conscience.  What are you guilty of?
I'm not guilty of nuthin'.
Vito, I want you to listen to me. I'm your brother.  I may smack you around once in awhile, boss you around, but I'm still your brother.
Be on guard.  Mookie has Pop conned already, so we have to look out for him.
You don't like Public Enemy?  It's the dope shit.
Ya back is got.
Get out of the way, old man.  You a Tom anyway.
Me no white.  Me no white.  Me Black.  Me Black.  Me Black.
Him no white.  Him no white.
I am an American. I am not an Indian.
So you are the myst erious Octopussy.
And you are the :amous Double-0-Seven, licensed to kill.
Get out with your hands up!.
Captain, some nut went throuzh
Staring at BOND,
What's the matter with you! I never knew you to behave like this!
Aw Lord, girl.
Your girl Denver. Seems she's of a different mind.
All Pickaninnies free!!
You wanna feel somethin!? ... Feel how it is to have a bed to sleep in and somebody there not worrying you to death about what you got to do each day to deserve it. And if that don't get it, feel how it feels to be a colored woman roaming the roads with anything God made liable to jump on you. Feel that!
You got anything on you, gal, pass for food?
Jesus looking at you, girl!
Hungry nigger?
Just go with her! Do what I tell ya!
You crazy..
I ain't sure I know that. Baby never laid eyes on her till she showed up here. And how'd she make it and her husband didn't? And where is he? And how she have that baby in the woods by herself? Said a whitewoman help her. Shoot. You believe that? Well, I know what kind of white that was.
THE WHITEFOLK?
I'm looking for a gal name of Judy. Works over by the slaughterhouse. Said she lived on Plank Road.
You Baby Sugg's kin, ain't you?
They good whitefolks?
You think she sure 'nough your sister?
I think they have a pre-nup.
Like, what a dumbass tree.
You’re not taking it literally enough. He’s an asshole, but he’s a human being. I am not going to kill him.
You look like ass.
The pedophile one?
You said he got jacked in jail.
No, man. Not on me.
He’s not like some gangbanger. Rich guy like that is gonna get a lot of attention from the cops.
She’s probably a pain in the ass to her children. They alternate weekends visiting her in her retirement home. She’s forgetting them one by one.
You can get that shit from a doctor.
Manny, get out of my stuff!
Put the fish and chips in the bin. Tonight's on Uncle Sam. We're going posh. Chicken fucking bhuna in town. General excitement. Everyone starts putting on their coats.
I want it perfect. Like a fucking carpet. We've got proper footballers coming. Who know how to keep the ball on the deck.
I've heard he's a superstitious twat.
No, it's that superstition, isn't it? Every away cup ties, Revie makes them walk the last hundred yards. TAYLOR mutters under his breath, "Soppy twat".
Fine thank you, Mr. Cussins.
I remember you now. You had a black eye, a right bloody shiner.
Right, last time there was a whole division between you and Leeds. Not now. Not today. Today we're here as Second Division champions, and equals with Leeds. John McGovern and Billy Bremner, EQUALS. Kevin Hector and Johnny Giles, EQUALS. Alan Hinton and Peter Lorimer, John O'Hare and Paul Madely. EQUALS. Now, c'mon, chins up. Chests out. We can take this fucking lot.
Had no choice. Windows opened up. You were in the bloody West Indies.
That's right. You were Chairman of Derby County before I came here. I remember that. When Derby County were at the fucking foot of the Second Division, when nobody had heard of them for twenty years and nobody had heard of Sam bloody Longson ever. Full stop. And that's where you'd still fucking be if it wasn't for me; at the foot of the bloody Second Division, where nobody remembered you and nobody had heard of you. There would BE no Derby County without me, no league title, no Champions of England; not without Brian Clough.
A joke? All right. There's this bloke walking about in London, when all of a sudden, the city gets hit by a Russian `A' bomb. Booooooooom.
And all the buildings have fallen down. And all the people are dead. And now this bloke is the only man left in the whole of London.
About bloody time.
Especially not Billy bloody Bremner.
Why? You look white as a ghost, man.
I signed that fat fuck - saved his professional life. Gave him two more years as a player, as my captain. Dave Mackay?
We cared about Hartlepools and Derby. We're from the North, Pete. What do we care about Brighton? Bloody Southerners. Look where we are. We're almost in France.
Cheeky sod.
You knock it, but it's done you proud over the years. My "ambition". Without me - you'd still be stuck in Burton Albion. On the arse of the footballing earth.
No, what's criminal, Mr. Cussins, is the way you as Chairman asked me to leave the room like that in front of the players. Your MANAGER. Going behind my back like that.
I apologize for being a twat.
You'll only fuck me up again, won't you?Don't be an arse. He was either screwing her or he's got the constitution of a hot-house flower.
Me an’ Dee, some a’ the time.
Walter Schroyer - army buddy of your libidinous friend - gives his ‘moving tribute’ to Collins in this arse-wipe excuse for a paper and not to us.
Like your style, man.
The guy in the photo. I asked around. Definitely a grunt. Buddy said he’s seen him around at security trade-shows ‘n shit. No name. But they said he used to work for a guy by the name of Fred Summers - does alarm installations.
What a dump, man. You've got to kidding...
Back off, man...
She had balls, she was smart. And in debt.
They’ve been got at Cam. Fergus and his cronies are trying to shut us up. You aren’t going to let them get away with it are you?
ROG-DJXDU"
DERXW&OLIIRUG
WRWKLQNDERXWJLUOV
VKH VEDEEOLQJDERXW
2KUHDOO\"
VPLOH3ULGH+HVODSVKLVNQHHDQGVWDQGV
\RXUVNDJDQGOHW VUROO
WRKHUIHHOLQJV
RQHVZKREHOLHYHLQWKHPVHOYHVIt's called good music. You should try to familiarize yourself with it, instead of listening to the crap you do.
rehash so-called glory days if you were popular or to gloat if you were a spaz and are now filthy rich, banging a super-model.
I've got you so whipped.
Betcha never tasted nuthin'like that?
Didn't think you had dat in you, city boy.
You stone cold tease.
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way, the second one, Christine Perkins, she had a part in Stab 2, didn't she? She was playing CICI.
Ha! Too late, studio's shutting down production. Called my film a risk! Do you believe this shit? They're actually shelving my film because there's been one ensie little murder. God, three people died during the filming of The Exorcist.
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
Oh shit it's my cell!
What Rielly?
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here?
Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do.
Excuse me Gale! What the hell do you think you're doing?
WHOA! HOLY SHIT IS THIS GONNA MAKE A GOOD BOOK!
I'll say one thing for doing time as a suckhead.  Seems to have knocked that cancer of mine back into remission.
Whatever --
This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies.
Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations.  If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
You reading me, Scud?
You buying any of this chocolate Elvis bullshit?
You're out of line, old man.
Jesus, they were playing possum!
Where the hell have you been?
Some biotech outfit called Caliban Industries.  They've been lying to us since day one.  This Nomak fucker didn't evolve.  He was designed.
You're wasting your time, Blade.  The flechette's a dud.
I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
Me and Hobo Kelly here have a little unfinished business.
You gotta be more careful little man.
They were very close before we split up. Every Sunday they would order Chinese food and watch movies all damn day. They’d laugh and he’d tell her stories. It was their special time together.We haven't seen you for so damn long--
So do you, fatso!
Okay, but I want to tell you right now I think it was a stinking thing to do -- what they pulled on you over at your place--
I kept thinking what if some young smart-ass comes in to our shop and does that to me!
Lots of nuts around.
--ain't it a bitch! Did you ever see anything like it? Fifteen tons -- thirty thousand pounds of structured aluminum and clear plastic!
And she rolls! She rolls on these tracks here -- slides right back like a goddam toy!
Like a goddam hothouse. Up to 90 if I want. It can be 20 below and a blizzard outside and I can be in there bakin'!
Hands off, you!
You crashed in -- now crash the hell out!
You know something, Shirley, that coat was the damnedest, most wonderful thing I ever owned. If Lucinda gave that coat to a white elephant sale I'll kill her -- I swear I'll kill her--
Get your hands off there!
Ray's special recipe. He always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned.
Come on, fellas, that's two weeks pay. I'm here with my girl. You gotta leave me something.
Watch the threads, Bullethead. If this is about my tab, I've got it covered.
Is that Ray Gibson? Who the hell let him in here?
What I want to know is what happened to your cush between the time that you got up from the table and when I caught up with you in the Johnny?
You gotta lotta balls showing your face around my club. If a man's gonna run numbers on my side of Broadway, you think he'd have the common sense to keep a low profile. But not Ray Gibson.
Don't Uncle Claude me. You get a load of those crackers? Couldn't be a mouthful of teeth among the bunch of 'em. Why you want to pick a fight with people like that for?
Hey, man, don't ever call me that.
That's it, fellas. Thirty six cases of Puerto Rico's finest. At five bucks a case, that's $180.
Now, hang on, slick. I ain't through with you yet.
This fella looks dead.
Man, this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed.
My name is Sgt. Dillard. In the unlikely event that you need to address me, you call me boss. You already met this handsome fella right here. Hoppin' Bob's my ace boon coon. You run afoul of Hoppin' Bob, you run afoul of me.
Either of you new fellas know how to read? I've had this letter four months now.
Last fella who could read made parole 'round Christmas.
No, man. I want you to have it.
Who knew I'd have to come all the way down to this here prison, deep in the asshole of the great state of Mississippi, to find such a tasty piece of corn bread?
Getting a map from a chubby chef named Cookie? Dragging our asses through the swamps in search of some worm-eaten boat? That ain't a plan, that's a vacation for two in the hole. When you've got a map to New York City, you get back to me.
That's right, fellas. Catch any cab heading uptown. All the drivers know Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
How about some Worchestershire sauce! And clean that damn table.
Cut the bullshit. What do you want, Claude?
Nagger?
No, nigger.
Keep it together, Claude. You wake up the man, he'll shoot you for sure.
All right, man, just settle down. We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll get outta here real soon.
Excuse me, boss. That kid don't talk. Something wrong with his head, just can't get right, boss.
I'm sick of watching Camp 12 win the championship. Every year they get to roast the victory pig and we get dick. This year I want that pig.
Maybe not yet. But it will. And I'll be out of a job. Damn, that's some tasty hooch.
Whatever.
He's lying, boss. I'm the father of that baby.
Any fool could see that baby's mine, boss.
Well you can't stay here, Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would.
Goddamnit, Biscuit, get back here!
Hey, fellas, I got Chicago.
I'll make you trusty right now. If that pie-eatin' son of a bitch falls off those bottles and you have to shoot him, I'll see to it you get a pardon. Hell, I'll personally escort you out the gate.
Fourteen acres today and only 12 hours of daylight! Eat up and move it out! Gibson! Banks! Get your sorry asses over here!
Ray, buddy, you don't want to shoot this white man. See, you do that, they'll kill you for sure. And it's not that I like you or anything, but I've kinda gotten used to having you around.
Hey, man, cover that shit up!
Nothing to it, really. Claude figured they could steal a couple of bodies from the morgue. They got a couple of crackers working there don't know their asses from their elbows. Then they was gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like those bodies was them that got stuck inside. Claude figured during the commotion, it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto one of the fire trucks and hang tight until it rolled right on out of here in the morning.
Alright, which of you hambones took our clothes?
Why the hell not?
Gimme that damn thing.
Do you have PSYCHO MONTH? I think so.
You have great tits. Elaine gasps.
Holy shit. MUSIC:
McCROSKY
Maybe she's got her shit together. INT. COCKPIT Ted enters.
stares at him.
Just the man for that limpet mine job. I have had trouble with him before. But he's stayed away from Istanbul for over a year now. Take a look —- you should remember him. This man kills for pleasure. Bond looks through the periscope. BOND'S POV - THE CONFERENCE ROOM Krilencu is still talking, then suddenly stops and looks at the door which is opening.
Excuse me. You did say your cock was correct?
Bond watches him.
'Old man'? Is that what you chaps in SMERSH call each other? SMERSH?
That's only half of it, old man. Bond stares at him.
stares at her.
C’mon Auds.
You think you're so high and mighty and it’s all you ... Well, I got ambition too and ... YOU quit goddamn acting like I can’t sing. Hank lights a cig, his back to the door. Suddenly one of his boots nails him in the back. He calmly bends down and picks it up. The other one sails out. He just puts it on and moves out of range.
What you writin’ Hank?
Says ol’ Hank.
You know what I want Auds?
Adds up to Hiram Williams is a big damn deal.
What are you talking about? A bug. More like a damn queen bee. I bring you up there, I stand by your side.
This is gonna be great, goddamned great. He’s gonna have a real dad. Yeah ... not like I had it, not like it was for me. No, he’s gonna have family. They’re giddy.
Oh no need to worry, Hank ... all this shit is simple. They lock hard eyes on this. Tense ... until Jerry picks up his instrument and Hank moves to mic. Zeke leads the intro of “Lovesick Blues” - Hank comes in.
No shit, they’ll have to find me on a boat full of bass and come begging. Just at that moment, OSCAR DAVIS, their MANAGER, first seen through the window, rushes in. Sweating. Out of breath.
He's a hoss huh?
I’m going to the Opry, Aud.
“I went down to the river to catch me a big ‘ol fish, Went down to the river to swig me some dirty ass water, I went down to the river to watch the fish swim by, Then I jumped in the goddamn water to take a goddarned bath ... Now she’s a long gone and now I’m lonesome blue ...” INT. HANK AND AUDREY’S HOUSE / BEDROOM - MORNING Audrey listens to the ringing ... going from disappointment, to pain and then ... Operator comes back on the line.
Why the hell not?
This ain't gonna do fellas ...
I don’t know what’s goin’ on with you Williams, but you’re going up on that stage and give these folks, who been waitin’ hours for your ass ... a fine piece of yourself. You understand? Hank has no reaction.
Where you two fellas going?
What you laughin’ about?
Man, you sure couldn't get that damn jingle right, could you? Don’t you know there are 20 smokes in a pack of Chesterfields? Now Hank laughs hard. The guys start laughing harder. When Hank’s like this it’s very contagious.
Oh I know exactly ... but you know somethin’ else? Ol’ Hank didn't come all the way to New York from south Alabama to sing a damn cigarette commercial.
The waitress shows up. A tough New Yorker.
My damn wife.
Give me a pen. I think I can write my own damn apology. He starts scribbling.
Now draw you god awful tiki wiki shit. A moment passes. Audrey steps back on to the porch. She walks slowly towards Hank, who just stares, the pistol hanging by his side. Close enough to embrace, but a thousand miles away from each other. She holds his gaze.
No ... it’d been better if it worked out ... but no, not really. I mean losing a wife, I can handle that ... but I ain’t ever gonna lose this little fella.
Ladies and gentlemen. Let me just give you the lowdown on this next fella’s latest run... “Baby We’re Really in Love” has been on the charts for six months. “Honky Tonk Blues” was number two for three months. “Half As Much” followed that at Number Two. Course leaves no room for any body else hardly.
Girl, who you here with? Billie turns, takes her time.
Well, if you ain’t going to marry her ol’ Hank just might.
Honey, you can meet me anywhere anytime. But let’s make sure we make a damn night of it tonight. CLOSER
Billie let me handle this. Bobbi we gotta talk.
Opry is a brand and you’re pissin’ on it Hank. It means something to a lot of people ... music, family ...
Jesus, Bobbi ... you’re pregnant
That Audrey? She have Bocephus?
She leaves the room. They stare at each for a beat.
Get some of your pals down from the Hayride.
You know since Hank’s not in town tonight, Billie Jean, we could grab a couple drinks and I’d be happy to show you some real Nawlins hot spots ...
It’s a long ass trip and truthfully you might get real sick of me and we might end up going at each other ... right? She gives him a look. They hug, he kisses her. Starts to walk away. Comes back.
I just figgered -- knew you didn't have enough bills.
Speech, Black Dan'l. Speech!
Queer sort of weather we're having -- queer like everything else.
Leave your tongue off of that!
Play some music -- something gay and jolly.
They make plucky women in New England.
Why, you long-barreled, slab-sided, lantern- jawed, note-shaving crook, be off with you ...
I know -- that was mighty queer Medford -- knew it the minute I tasted it. But it takes more than that to down Daniel Webster.
Hurrah for Black Dan'l!A tankard of ale, wench.
No way.  You'd get her dirty.
Yo!  Who is that?  Don't mess with me man, I'll rip your head off.
Stay away from my thang.
Bogutude.  Blow it off.
Get a boob job.
Let me get this straight.  You're like, this greasy bum, and I have to go to the graveyard with you 'cause I'm chosen, and there's vampires.
I don't want to be the chosen one, okay?  I don't want to spend the rest of my life chasing after vampires!  I just want to graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Charlie Sheen and die.  It may not sound too exciting to a sconehead like you, but I think it's swell.  And then you come along...  and... and then I'm a member of the hairy mole club, so you throw things at me!
Wait a minute.  What's wrong with you, man?
Everybody knows about her, man.
My bike!  She's a lesbian, too. She told me.
Pike.
It wouldn't be 'Dick,' would it?
It's in about four hours, Dick.
This fella’s on the ‘Hayride’ tonight, after me, in the newcomers spot.
I knew a fella once, got his record on the radio, and it was all over in a flash.
Electrician is a good, stable job, whereas I don't know a guitar player worth a damn.
I'm not fearful of it being over, Boobie... She looks up to him.
You promise me, Boobie?
All of them! Them young’uns buy an lot of his records.
Fellas?... Bill?... Quit fooling around.
Youuuu ain’t nuthin’ but a hound dog! Been snoopin’ round my door! The camera descends...
Man, he is cuttin’ it!
C’mon man, they’re not gonna put you in jail.
Play it smart out there, son. Give ‘em hell.
People take advantage. I thought you fellas might help me get back to who I really am. Binder and Bones are affected by Elvis’ honesty.
Those know-it-all hippies poisoned Elvis. And now my boy, mocking me!
What the hell are you talking about, Jerry?
‘Cilla I’m gonna be forty soon. Forty. Forty years old. And people are not gonna remember me.Look at this. Goddamn helmet melted down.
Damn.
You lie!
I don't know you, man.
Crime scene's a goddamn clusterfuck. Every reporter in town's trying to get a look at Dutton's body. I suggest we get a line on this before someone else does.
Til we get an I.D. treat everyone like a suspect. Patrol assignments are posted by the door. Read them. No singles, it's the buddy system til we catch this asshole.
No shit he leaves a sign. He's a goddamn Picasso.
You're him! You're Corvis! We fried your ass. You're dead, man!
Give me a hand with this sack of shit.
I got punished, man.
I can't man, I'm punished!
Carlos! Carlos, get your skinny ass over here!
Why you have an attitude for?
That girl be trippin'.
I gotta go take a piss.
The one with the phat ass?
What you want with her anyway'
Yo, I know what you're thinking, that I'm one of those guys that keep coming up to her.
You betta bounce, yo.
What chu listening to rumors for? I'm not like dat.
Hector's an asshole, huh?
I didn't touch shit!
So wadda you do with your girls?
I take it the banks are pulling the rug? What are the bastards proposing?
Because nobody makes pink slop like you do Harry.
Ah, James. Sweet baby James. When you were three. How old was he? Three or four? We used to play fight. Remember? You loved to fight. Why, you broke my nose. Yeah! Fuck that hurt!
Nice. Silence. MEHMET's run out things to say. They both smoke.
Hade re Laki. Tell us.
Tusk. Tusk, yah? Makes us sound like barbarians.
Well, Brian McKinley, if you want to talk to my girlfriend, you talk to me first. If you want to dance with her, then you apply in writing three weeks in advance or you're gonna end up insode a fucking bin-bag. You didn't apply, so you don't dance.
He had to kill a Nazi. A Nazi is a bad person. 102
I know, but hell, he's my partner. Woulda done the same for me.
Well, shit, Sheriff, I'd hate for that to happen... So, I'll be taking over the investigation.
'Scuse me, Doc?...
I got your man! Now I want outta here!
Police units have also increased patrols around homeless shelters and mass transit stations in the city.
Aw, shit... Not now... Anybody bring a deck of cards?
It's hinky. Man risks everything to find a man his own investigators say doesn't exist. Something's really hinky about this thing.
Shit, that's okay. Stick around a few minutes, talk about whatever you want...
Where're the damn stairs?
Damn...
I'm used to working with my brain, not my butt.
and they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses to a people that shall not profit them'. Isaiah, Chapter 30, verse 6.
No sirree. Didn't wash when Cousin was wed back home...
For she's a jolly good fellow She's a jolly good fellow For she's a jolly good fellow Which nobody can deny.
Then by the 'thority vested in me I pr'nounce you man and wife.
Where you taking my wife?
I now pr'nounce you man 'n wife -- and, don't you forget it.
Then one night Paul Staniford picked me up. -- He was Sheriff of Madera County then -- there had been a fight and I was drunk -- sicker than a damn dog. Well sir, he dried me out in jail, then we went out back and he proceeded to kick the bitter hell right out of me.
Draw, you damned tinhorn --
You'll play hell getting it done.
The old gent's taking quite a chance.
-- it's not worth dying for. Another 45 seconds of your time. That's all.  Then -- Whoa, Tricky Dick!
Surgical.  Look at them separate the dye packs.  Dick and Ronny know their jobs.
Cute huh?  They love to fuck with us.
Johnny fuckin' Utah!  Fuckin'-A! Yeah, I remember that game, man. You were on-fire.  They could not stop your ass.
Radical!  Head-butt, dude!!
No.  But let's do it, anyway.  It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
Hey, I ain't no butt-bouncer, dude. We're from the valley.  Mall babes 'n shit.
Saved your butt, bro.  Close one.
Stay outta this, Bodhi!
Have you seen a little dog?  Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing.  About this big.
Wait, wait.  Then these guys go back to their beach house and box up all their shit.  Load it in Bodhi's truck and take it to a public storage unit.  You see?  Summer's almost over.  They're splitting. They're gonna pick up a little traveling money tomorrow.  The next day at the outside latest.  I got a feeling.
Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay?  We cover the bank, whatever.  You and me.  That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant.  I shoulda had you get me three a these.  What T-Bird?
I got 'em.  I see 'em.  I'm on it, I'm on it.
Go home, kid.  Get the hell outta here.  Get some sleep.  You look like shit.  They get anything even resembles your guy, I'm on your beeper.  Here.  You like feta?
We gonna jump or jerk off?
Righteous-ass speedstar, dudes!
See!  That's what I like about you, man!  You're just sharp as a razor blade.
You!
Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.
Shit may or may not happen.
What if your chute fails, Bodhi? Rescind the order.  Let her off the hook, she's served her purpose.  Do it, man, you owe me that much.  Let me hear it before you check out.
Cockroaches?
That station is filth.
Paul, how the hell are ya'?
Keep that cockroach Benedict away from me.
They know you are Tutsi!
All the whites are leaving.
Your white friends have abandoned you, Paul.
Get to work, you slug.
I worked my ass off for you with that store. Eight years of twelve- hour days and one-day weekends! So don't tell me I haven't treated you well.
I darned my own socks in prison.
I was not-fired, you jerk. I quit.
Jesus, Henry... What the hell you doing?... How'd you know this was my boat??
Goddammit! Leaning over the seat, he fumbles with her clothes. He's trying to make her comfortable.
Out of my sight.
You're not Reman.
While I find that fascinating, Data, we really need that Goddamned door open!
You heard the lady.  Get to work. Move your ass!He’s a good one. I booked a lesson for tomorrow after he damn near fleeced the pants off us!
She watches him go.
Jack -- whattaya know, whattaya say. Got a hot tip on a nag in the fourth at Sheepshead -- sure                         * t'ing!                                                   *
Not wit you!
Ya miss me, Weasel?
Ya got ya papes -- move outta here.                    *
I don't need you, pal. But I ain't                     * got a cute little brother to front                     * for me. And Les here...                                *
... With this kid's puss and my God-given talent, we can easy move a thousand papers a week. Whattaya say? Deal?
You young miscreant! Wait'll I get you back to the Refuge!
This big shot gimme a ride out in his carriage.
What have we here -- ? Aren't you the cutest little fella that ever was -- yes, you are --
This'll bust me -- I'm barely                           * makin' a livin' now --                                  *
Why the jack-up, Weasel?
They can do what they want -- it's their stinkin' paper --
Jack...? Ya still thinkin'... ?                        * Jack looks at him, then the others:    his jaw set.
WHEN YA GOT A HUNDRED VOICES
Bumlet, Specs, Skittery take Queens; Pie Eater and Snotty, the East side -- Snipeshooter, go with 'em; okay, who wants Brooklyn? Spot Conlon's territory?
But I got brains, too -- and more than half-a-one. How do I know you punks won't run the first time some goon comes atcha with a club? How do I know you're in it to win?
Whattayasay, Tenpin.   You got a new guy, Crutchy --
Stop t'inkin' about yaself and let 'im read!
-- it also means we get smarter! That's why we're gonna listen to my pal David and stop soakin' the scabs --
Where they takin' him...?
I'd rather be soakin' scabs.
Yeah, run, ya lousy coward -- run! But they're the ones running. David, catching his breath, looks at Jack, beginning to understand.
Hey, Weasel... Good ni-ight!
Too good! Those illiterate guttersnipes couldn't have done this on their own. Somebody's behind this, trying to pull a fast one...
Maybe. But you can't put every kid in that square in jail. They ain't goin' away, Joe.
Who?   Your pal! Him!
Yeah, Blink, keep ya eye peeled.No. I ain’t sure, I’m just trying to mess with your mind. Fonny smiling now, coming back to her:
How you doin’ Lil’ Bit?
He been to see Fonny? No.
You tell Fonny?
Now you and Fonny be together right now, married or not, wasn't for that damn white man. So, let me tell you what you got to do. You got to hold on to that baby, don't care what else happens or don't happen. You got to do that, ‘cause we gonna get Fonny out. And that baby be the best thing that ever happened to him. It’s going to give him a whole lot of courage.
Shit. We got to work it out. Fonny's like one of us.
Joe, why don't you just call up and ask them all over here? Hell, it's Saturday night and it ain't late and we still got a lot of brandy in the bottle. And now that I think about it, it's really the best way to do it, call they asses on over here, Joe. Joe looking to his wife, had already started for his coat, but... considering Sharon’s proposal:
Now, listen, I ain't the kind of joker going to give you a hard time running around after other chicks and shit like that. I smoke a little pot but I ain't never popped no needles and I'm really just a square, but.... Fonny taking a moment to gather his thoughts, looks at her very quietly, very hard.
I ain't got no money and I work at odd jobs just for bread because I ain't about to go for none of their jive-ass shit. And that means that you going to have to work, too. And when you come home most likely I'll just grunt and keep on with my chisels and maybe sometimes you'll think I don't even know you're there. But don't ever think that, not ever. You're with me all the time -- without you, I don't know if I could make it at all. And when I put down the chisel, I'll always come to you. I'll always come to you, ‘cause I need you, understand?
I'd ask my daughter. If she tells you she don't love me, I'll go away and I won't never bother you no more. Joe looks hard at Fonny, a long look, as though he wants to knock Fonny down, as though he wants to take him in his arms.
Yeah, you nut, give us a kiss. Tish’s palm to her lips, placed flat against the glass. Fonny meeting it with his palm, then carrying it back to his lips.
They got lofts standing empty all over the East Side, man, and don't nobody want to rent them, except freaks like me. And they all fire traps and some of them ain't even got no toilets. So, you figure like finding a loft ain't going to be no sweat. He takes a drag, hands it to Daniel.
He thinks she's propositioning him, that's what he really thinks. And she comes to tell me — just so proud and happy — and we go on over there. And when the cat sees me, he says there's been some great misunderstanding, he can't rent the loft because he's got all these relatives coming in from Rumania like in half an hour and he got to give it to them. Shit. And I told him he was full of shit and he threatened to call the cops on my ass. Fonny looking away, up at that small window looking up out at the sidewalk from this low vantage:
Hell yeah you can. Fonny up and over at the icebox, opens two more cans.
Fonny puts one hand on Daniel's neck.
That’s alright, man. You out now, it's over, you young.
You raised them somehow. You fed them somehow, didn't you? If we start to worrying about money now, man, we going to be fucked and we going to lose our children. That white man, baby, he want you to be worried about the money. That's his whole game.
I don't know if I was ever any kind of father to him — any kind of real father — and now he's in jail and it ain't his fault and I don't even know how I'm going to get him out. I'm sure one hell of a man.
now you got to remember that I might know that better than you. Tell you something else: your son is the father of my daughter's baby. Now, how you going to sit here and act like can't nothing be done? We got a child on the way here, man. You want me to beat the shit out of you? He says this with ferocity but, after a moment, smiles.
No offense Levy, but we been lookin’ a long time. Don’t seem to me like it’s a reason for you to treat two Negros so nice like, clearly we ain’t got a pot nor much of a drink to make piss with; pardon my French. Levy looking away from Fonny here, briefly at Tish and then, for just a moment, at their hands joined there.
He's not a boy, Officer. Bell taking another look at Tish and Fonny as someone in the crowd gets the Italian Punk to his feet.
Shit, we might make history. Fonny throwing back his head at his own joke, laughing loud enough the sound travels through that glass.
Well as soon as that ain’t the truth somethin’ wrong, you tell me 'cause I’m outta here then. Tish settles on her stool there, head lolling slightly to the side. She’s relaxed now. And in that relaxed state, takes him in, sees him better:
Me? I’m not the one just got punched by a midget inside they belly. Tish and Fonny holding eyes a beat.
Look. I ain't got nothing against nobody. But I got to ask you to get out of here.
I'm here to try to get a man out of prison. That man is going to marry my daughter. And he did not rape you. Sharon takes out the photograph of Tish and Fonny.
Look, lady, before you go any further, just let me tell you, you can't do nothing to me, I ain't alone here, I got people.
Lady, I think you in the wrong place. Ain't no reason to talk to me. Ain't nothing I can do. Sharon looks away from her, out the window, the scramble of her thoughts wrought clear on her face.
I was a woman before you was a woman — remember that. And I know, I know, you pay for the lies you tell. She stares at Victoria. Victoria stares at her.
See now? I'm an artisan. Like a cat who makes tables. I don't like the word artist. Maybe I never did. I sure the fuck don't know what it means. I'm a cat who works from his gut, with his hands. I know what it's about now. I think I really do. Even if I go under. But I don't think I will now. I know I won’t. He’s far from her. Here with her, yes. But very far away.
She looks like Christabel. see it.All right, Piltdown, that's enough! You're endangering your fellow workers!
You're on report, Piltdown! If it's up to me you'll be pushing a wheelbarrow!
Fat butt? Hold me back, Barney --
It looks dangerous. Besides, you can kick Fred's fat butt anytime.
I mean -- this ain't over, Piltdown.
The rest of you men go back to work. I want to talk to Flintstone and the personal reference alone. Come on, move, move... They go out, Piltdown looking furious.
'Fib-bre-rock' --
Fellas, come on. We're all big boys here -- He gestures vaguely towards the outside world, then back to the little band of brothers here.
So long, fatso.
'Night, pal.    'Night, slimeball.
the elevator rises, his two    cronies duck into a stairwell marked "NO ADMITTANCE."
What the hell happened down there, Worf?
Where the hell are they going?
You're an entertaining man, Mister Picard. But you're also full of shit.
at her the whole time.
Poor Ed, my ass. The guy was dangerous.
@prostatewhispers.
A shitload of tickets. Now ask me if the critics like him?
Okay, well, then I'm just standing here with my balls out.
I know, right? She's a little-LESLEY Look at me, Mike. This is Broadway. I'm here. Finally. And I'm begging you, if you love me, please, do me a favor... don't fuck it up.
And that ass. Like two eggs in a hanky! A10
We should have done that reality show they offered us. "The Thomsons." That would’ve been good. Crazy, druggy, wise ass daughter. Milfy wife with the perky tits. People would have watched that.
He's an asshole.
Because you have a great ass, and I noticed it. So, I said it.
Don't worry about it. Someone'll be using that to pick up dog shit tomorrow.
Come on, man. Don't be a dick. Let me have an autograph. The man produces a pen and a magazine from his pocket. More people begin to gather... Birdman!
Oh... Shit. I'm sorry.
That was twenty years before I put on that damned costume. A pause. Then she pushes the napkin back toward him.
...You make them jump, laugh, cry, shit their pants... All you have to do is snap your fingers and... B50
There you go, you mother fucker! See? Gravity doesn't even apply to you. The camera flies up with Riggan as he floats above the street. There is something magical in his ascension, gently impelled by the breeze. A beautiful backlight makes his body glow. Birdman flutters around him.
I never should have video taped Sam's birth. First of all because you and Sam both look like shit in that video. But mostly because I missed the moment. I should have just been there with the two of you. Present in my own life. So I’d have it. But, I don’t. I don’t have any of it.
Lewie is a fucking genius.
Mortgage backed securities, subprime loans, tranches... Pretty confusing right? Does it make you feel bored? Or stupid? Well, it’s supposed to. Wall Street loves to use confusing terms to make you think only they can do what they do. Or even better, for you to leave them the fuck alone. So here’s Scarlett Johansson under a water falls to explain... 16
Basically Lewis Ranieri’s Mortgage bonds were amazingly profitable for the big banks. They made billions and billions off of their 2% fee on each of these bonds they sold. But then they started running out of mortgages to put in them. After all, there’s only so many homes and so many people with good enough jobs to buy them. So the banks starting doing something different. Instead of creating mortgage bonds that were guaranteed by the US government, they started creating their own private mortgage bonds. No government, no pesky standards like good credit or minimum income. And then the big banks were able to fill the bonds with riskier and riskier mortgages and keep the profit machine churning. By the way, the risky mortgages are called “subprime.” Anytime you hear subprime, think shit.
Michael Burry found out these mortgage bonds that we supposedly 65% AAA were actually mostly full of shit, so now he’s going to “short” the bonds, which means to “bet against.” Got it? Good.
We just sold 200 million today in credit swaps for mortgage bonds! Some fund manager from California! Fucking crazy right? It’s a whole new way to make money!
So, yeah. I met with this retail banker yesterday and I’m supposed to be getting him to invest in our fund but instead I start grilling him about over draught penalties and how his bank lets a customer write ten, twelve checks before they tell em they’re overdrawn. And this creep is making billions off of screwing over people this wayMark-
You hate your job.
I guess so. Hold up, has that asshole not been paying his mortgage? Cause I’m paying my rent.
Bullshit on what?
I'm good at finding shit. If I can keep Charlie from trying to sneak in a little value.
Yeah, there’s shady shit happening but trust me, it’s all fueled by stupidity. Face it, as cynical as you all are I think you still have a shred of respect left for the powers that be. Not me.
Holy shit. Did you see that? See what?
Thanks for stopping by. Totally fucking awesome to see you. 123
You damn straight.
Just a second, fellas.How come you wanna be a conductor, anyway? Don't you know the con- ductor's sittin' in the goddam hotseat?
-- A black FAG, 25, his hair straightened and pompadoured, his eyebrows plucked and redrawn, his figure trim, his clothes calculated to attract other men, his mouth con- stantly pouting, carrying a shoulder bag and listening to a transistor radio. In all, SIXTEEN -- seven men, two boys, seven women; ten white, five black and one Puerto Rican. Center-car, Blue addresses them. He holds his submachine gun in the crook of his arm, the barrel resting on his right hand.
What good's watching it, for Chris- sake? We got trains piling up behind it. Get some goddam super- vision down there!
Look, I'm only the Trainmaster around here -- I don't know any- thing about contacting the goddam Mayor!
Butt out!
'Cuz he's the head o' the city, ain't he? That makes him respon- sible. They oughta impeach the bum!
Turn off that goddam music, will you, George?
Shit. Barny?
To us, goddammit -- the sovereign city of New York --
You're going to make every man, woman and child in New York City close their eyes and count to a hundred.
Pull in your feet -- someone's liable to get hurt. The. Hippie looks up at him, smiles, and slides his feet back. Blue continues until he comes to Grey. He speaks quietly to him.
This is the Borough Commander -- what the hell happened?
Christ, it's the goddam Mayor!
What the hell are you talking about, Sol? How do you know they shot a hostage?
I'll never get this crap off. One of these days they oughta clean up this subway. He switches on his flashlight.
Smart-assed nigger --
All right, everybody -- listen to me! They jumped the gun on us but we're gonna.stick right with 'em. That means every single person in every department's gonna shake his ass, do you get that?
Hippie -- they don't call them beatniks any more.
Like hell we are.
Ahelluva lot you know --
You were on the train. Are you a cop? Almost imperceptibly, the Hippie nods -- just once.
You know I can’t, that’s not how it works. Anonymity’s what keeps this whole damn machine running.
63 men, and she was a week from 17. I don’t need a goddamn refresher. She fulfilled it like every other assignment. That’s what she does, who she is. It’s constitutional.
He smashes through. TEN YAKUZA here loading guns. See Kate barging in weaponless.
You-- you’re Kishikawa then? KISHIKAWA watches her slug the bourbon.
I’ve seen you. And your kusobabaa boss. In my dad’s pictures. You’re one of the people he was exposing. People working with the Yakuza.
But the Punk’s rolled off. Pulling second BFR.
Then you’re outnumbered, asshole. He seethes, manhandles her out. FOYER OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM, 30TH FLOOR Waves of Yakuza positioned in the concrete cavern. Every weapon trained on the stairway/elevator. Nervous. Quivering with anticipation. And anxiety.
Stay down, bitch, just stay down! She keeps coming. This smudge of a person. Bewitched by a lone purpose. Standing only by it’s virtue. Her body dead. Of poison, drugs, bullets. The ghost still haunting these men.
Where'd you get this snotty old thing?
Nobody's gonna kill you.
Mother, for petesakes.
Okay, Garcia.  What the hell.
Gimme a hand, dammit!
Go even crazier?
I don't think you're going crazy -- and stop drinking that damn coffee!
Paid the guy damn good to make sure you stayed put.  You ain't goin' nowhere, kid.  You're gonna sleep tonight if it kills me.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard. We play in your court.
He's in the john puking since he saw it.
Hey -- Daddy!  Hey!  I got the bastard!
Yeah, well, if he says that all that flab turns into dick at midnight, he's a liar.
I knew this would happen. Soon as that piece of filth got out of Pee Dee, I knew there'd be trouble. He's just got some kind of influence over her I can't decipher. There's somethin' wild in Lula I don't know where it comes from. You gotta find 'em, Johnnie.
That's true. Uncle Pooch wasn't really an uncle. He was a business partner of my daddy's? And my mama never knew nothin' about me and him - that's for damn sure. His real name was somethin' kind of European, like Pucinski. But everyone just called him Pooch. He came around the house sometimes when Daddy was away. I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised more'n a little.
You got nice tits.
You fellas have alotta the same power Elvis had... Y'all know this one?
At Pee Dee, all you think about is the future, you know? Gettin' out? And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again.
Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?
Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em?
Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it.
Pussycats gotta eat, too.
Guilty on a reduced charge. Hundred dollar fine and ordered to desist. Pigeons carry diseases and muss up the place. You seen it. Plain filth.
Where you from, Roach?
Well, I ain't Blackie.
You was on a ship, pardner. Hard to make contact with the people when you're off floatin' in the Gulf of Tonkin.
Don't mind if I fuckin' do... Speakin' 'a Jack... One-eyed Jacks yearnin' to go a peepin' in a seafood store... Good meetin' you. Adios, boys.
Man, I gotta take a piss bad... Can I use your head there?
I don't mean your head head - I'm not gonna piss on your head - your hair an' all... Just piss in the toilet. Y'all take a listen - here a deep sound comin' down from Bobby Peru.
You black?
...But DAMN man... This better go smooth.
You talk to 'im some?...
Keep your doughnuts. It’s the sister, isn’t it? You’re working for the goddamn sister. Let me see your ticket. McCALEB I don’t have a license, if that’s what you mean. Arrango glares at him a beat.
Same guy, Terry. Out of your orbit, though. Just a scumbag with a gun. Three-strike shit, that’s all. McCALEB What do you mean?
Why would they? When I found the guy shot, I called 9-1-1. They got the address transposed and they sent the ambulance to the wrong place. It took twenty minutes. Guy was breathing the whole time. He might’ve made it if they hadn’t fucked up. McCALEB These things happen, I guess.
No. They fucked up and the guy died. I’m real busy. I agreed to see you because you were already here. What do you want? McCALEB I read your statement, but I’d like to hear from you what happened.
You think, Terry. You’ve got no badge. And even if you did, it would be the wrong one. McCALEB The hell with that. Bolotov. like him for this, Jaye.
You look like crap, Terry.
Aww shit, Terry! CUT TO:
You see these? You don’t get one of these unless you’ve seen a lot of shit. Pardon my French. You might only see a pile of boring forms and numbers, but I can see a story. With nothing but a stack of receipts, I can trace the ups and downs of your lives. I can see where this story’s going and it doesn’t look good.
You're Juju Toobootie.
No, it's Raccaccoonie. Like Raccoon. Ratatouille's not a word.
Why the hell would you want to be here? Evelyn looks at Waymond. She can't help but smile.
He's a copper. The toughest one out of Frisco.
standing at the ship's railing.
You know, Steven dances like a gigolo.
I may as well tell ya now. We ain't pals. He's my prisoner.
standing together at the rail.
I've got to deliver you according to Hoyle. You know, this ain't any petty larceny rap, it's murder.Eric! Man, we been through this shit a thousand times.
Oh, shit --
People used to tell me I was too young when I had you -- Said I wouldn't be shit, said you wouldn't be shit. Now I been workin' my ass off to get us here and I refuse to let you throw it all away.
Aw shit, here come Doug E. Fresh!
Hell naw, that's Kurtis mothafuckin Blow. Only rapper with a Jheri curl.
Well take yo' ass to school sometimes.
Man that mouth always gettin' you in trouble. We got that in common.
Damn straight.
Officer, can you please explain why you jackin' us?
Hey! What the hell's goin' on out here? Those boys all live on this block!
Yeah. Change ain't bad. Shit, I'm tryin' to make a few changes my self.
Tyree, you gotta stop doin' this shit, man!
They got you for carrying records? That's some gangsta shit, Dre.
Well shit, why don't you get on the mic and try it?
What? Fool, I ain't no rapper.
You kickin' me out?
Aiight, fuck it. Let's do this.
Hell yeah! That shit was tight. Only 59 more lines, E. But we gonna get through it. Hit that next line -
This reality rap is never going to work, Dre. You need to hurry up and rap this shit up and finish that slow jam I had you working on. I'm serious, Dre! Hurry up with this...
Yo, if Lonzo don't like it, you know that shit is dope.
Now this right here..? This some ruthless shit for real. Dre, you a muthafuckin' genius. And Cube, you got more of them stories to tell? 28.
Homie, I got rhymes for days. But I got to hear this one more gen...Dre, hit that shit.
Aww damn-- here come The White Shadow.
Man, shut the fuck up? This dude knows the game inside out. He been out there shopping our shit around. Gonna find distribution for Ruthless, get us on tour and bring a whole lot of money to the table.
Doc, shut yo drunk ass up. You don't know the music business.
Compton is definitely on the map my nigga!
Man, pussy is power.
Man, I had a feelin' y'all was gonna represent tonight. Good shit.
Wuddup, Suge -- What you been up to, homie? Still out in Vegas?
Who dat?
Them little-ass raisins on the commercial? Singin', "I Heard it Through the Grapevine"?
of Dre in the studio CREATING -- FUCK THA POLICE, starting with the bones and building: first the DRUM MACHINE... then the SCRATCH... the BASS... an on and on. We will see Dre building this track throughout the sequence. In the back, Cube, Ren and DOC on the couch writing.
Or Con-Funk-Shun! Real instruments. Real music! Not this bullshit rap!
Are you crazy? Had a enough of that shit in the 70's. I'll fly out a couple of times and check on'em.
She good, but nah, you know her, constantly workin'.
White people problems?
This NWA -- We do what the fuck we wanna do! We say what the fuck we wanna say! So, all I wanna tell that cop talking shit back stage is -- Yo Dre, I got something to say!
Whether you like it or not, you are a political group. Never give these assholes a reason to hurt you. Next time they might take it.
We didn't insight shit.
Hell no. Last I heard, this is America and we got Freedom of Speech. Pretty sure that includes rap music. Exercisin' our Free Speech across this whole damn country, openin' people's eyes. Far as I'm concerned that's our job.
Jerry, you know I can't understand this legal shit. None of us can. That's why we need to show it to a lawyer--
Yo Cube-- You can't just sign that shit, homie..? Keep making history..?
That's what I'm talkin' about. Cube ain't shit.
How you figure? That record's still the hottest shit out there.
the fuck you talkin' about. I like that shit. 80.
Yeah, she had a nice ass. But she might wanna fix those teeth.
That shit's kinda funny.
Damn, E. Who work for who?
Dude. We go back a long, long way. You and me. We started this NWA shit. I just want it to be right.
Yo where Dre at anyway --
This shit sounds good.
Yo who the fuck's this, Warren?
Oh hell yeah...
Eric. Listen to me. I never said we won't hit back. But this isn't Compton. We don't hit back with bullets. We do it with lawyers. We drain those assholes.
No you not. You been up in that house for a month now, and not one track? Wassup, what's wrong?
This shit'll chill you out.
Yo Dre, we're can I dump this shit?
Aiight, regulate that shit!
How about this. Give me three weeks. But I don't want to hear any bullshit about you shopping it anywhere else. If you do that. I believe I can get you out of this mess. Sound good?
Yeah. Just tired. All this shit, downsizin' to a new crib, just weighin' on me. I'll figure it out though. I always do.
Wasn't what I'd call a good fit. It got crazy once we moved to L.A. I definitely went through some unnecessary shit when he started acting like an asshole. But I have a beautiful son and all that other nonsense is behind me now.
Who dat?
Nope. I was reminiscing with my wife the other day. What it felt like-- In the beginning. We were so young and ferocious. Doing music straight for the hood. Trying to be ghetto stars... I thought I knew everything back then -- But I didn't know shit.
Cool. We done talked til the damn club closed -- I got a car coming. You need a ride back to your hotel?
Look, if what I've done is so illegal, why have I never been sued? I'm such a thief, such a liar, such a motherfucker, how come nobody's come to collect? This is business. This is how it works. It's not always pretty, but all of it, everything I've put into this company, my whole LIFE for all these years, it's for you, Eric.
But I ain't no faggot.
I'm out, man. I'm out of Death Row.
I don't give a fuck-- You can't put a price on peace of mind. So you can keep the artists, the money, the masters and the bullshit. I'm startin' my own thing.Call it fool then. Upstart. Whatever pleases you.
Not that cockatrice. Ulrich's ashes. Here.
The damnedest thing is, she was twice the man of anyone else in the village. Now she's twice the woman.
You little meddler! It's alive!
Oh hello, Duchess, my name is Igor. An actor? Ha, duchess you flatter me, as a matter of fact, I’m a doctorHe does a flourishing gesture and accidentally knocks a bunch of shit off the dresser.
There is a murderous hunchback loose in London. This will not stand.
Pishposh. All you need to do is keep your back straight, your words clean, and try your damndest not to embarrass me. SMASH CUT TO:
High praise from a bloke who’s twice the man he used to be, in height alone.
Because you’re two mad bloody geniuses, and it would be a tremendous waste to see you hauled off to Scotland Yard. Victor looks to Igor. Igor looks to Victor. Igor his hand, and Igor takes it.
Oh, I nary think it’s anything so serious, probably just some hooligans out for a laugh before christmaTurpin raises his hand, which is covered in blood.
Hooligans.
And let them have my bloody machines, not likely! We can hear bobbies in the flat upstairs.
Igor’s being dragged inside by the two heavies.
The car just stopped. Then the lightning started to hit, al:lout a block away, over and over. Ke and another guy, we climbed under a dWllpater. Are you insane?
-- and vhon you'ro screaming
mean, married
aide door of the DOWS van SLANSopen and daylight spills into its half-wrecked but still functioning interior, 'l'bore'e shit scattered ovorywhoro, they've boen driving this thing like maniace, but the tvin valls of electronic equipment otill appeu intact. She talks 'l'ho Hews Producer climbs in, Ray stands just outside. fast as she aorta through piles of three quarter inch videotapes, pushing a fev of tbom into machines. There"s
You didn't see it like this. Those things, the Tripods, they coma up out of tho ground, right, so that means they must have buried 'em hero a long time ago. But who's drl.vl.ng tho God damn things? Look.
the lover lip of a slack-
Puhlease.
Let go of her you silly pillock!
Bugger off!
I want to adopt that unfortunate black child. It shouldn't be working like this. It should be in school.
C'mon..What are you watching that crap for.
About bloody time!
I looked in here, but this is all your sewing shit up here, for your sewing and everything. Did you put it up here?
Bro, get off of me.
I know, you say shit you don't mean all the time.
Oh, great, a married creep.
She wanted me to be passionate and compassionate. And that's a good thing. You know? I just, look, I'm my best self today, and I think she's her best self today, and our love's gonna be fucking amazing.
What? You're not gonna read that shit on my time. I can tell you all about the "Lord of the Flies." It's a bunch of boys on an island and they have a conch -- they have a shell -- and whoever has the conch has the power and they can talk. And if you don't have the conch, then you don't have the power. And then there's a little chubby boy, and they call him Piggy and they're really mean, and then there's a murder. I mean, humanity is just nasty and there's no silver lining.
Let me show you, Pat, let me show you what I mean. You gotta come at her with a little bit more soul, man.
Oh, shit! The Asian invasion!
Look, two things. We gotta watch that bubble screen for fuckin' Manning in the backfield and we gotta make sure we knock the receivers on their ass on the line of scrimmage.
Damn.
Let me tell you, I know you don't wanna listen to your father, I didn't listen to mine but I'm telling you, you gotta pay attention to the signs. When life reaches out with a moment like this, it's a sin if you don't reach back. I'm telling you, it's a sin if you don't reach back, and it'll haunt you for the rest of your days like a curse. You're facing a big challenge in your life right now, at this very moment, right here. That girl loves you, she really loves you. And I don't know if Nikki ever did, but she sure as hell doesn't love you right now. I'm telling you, don't fuck this up.
Get these "scum", Mr. Gibbons, bring them in. Test them. Train them. Find your man.
Whatever, dude.
You're an adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary. You risk your ass building a daredevil myth that means nothing and you're not getting any younger.
Not bad for a gimp.
Crude and defiant as always, Triple X. It fits so well because you're obscene.
You like her, huh? Petra. She runs their finances, money laundering, computers. Joined the gang after spending some time as the girlfriend of this dude, Yorgi Azar Zimin. Capo of Anarchy 99.
You're both named Ivan? That's gotta be confusing on Valentine's Day. So where we headed? Fellas, I said where we headed?
James Bond never had to put up with this shit.
You're here because your government is putting pressure on my government. This is an internal affair, a Czech affair, that you are interfering with. I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn. Get whatever information your government seeks and get our.
We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for?
I believe I can hang with you fellas for a while.
I'm already on a first name basis with these dudes, I got a deal set up, you want me to hammer it or not?
You're alright, Yorgi.
It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours.
Yorgi asked me to.
You do everything Yorgi says?
Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you.
You got a great set-up here Yorgi. You really know how to live.
Yeb vas, z'opa. Shut up!
Get Kirill. Now!
Toby Lee Shavers, if this thing don't work, your ass is kicked.
You're a grungy little phoenix, you know that? Keep up the good work.
I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger.
Damn.
Sorry, "dude".
Alright, so I was full of shit. I thought believing in things was wrong. Turns out believing in nothing is worse. You might as well be dead. I'm not thrilled with the world, but I'm not gonna let those idiots start killing people. Come on, you're a cop, we've got to get these guys.
You'll die quick.
...bitchin'...
Shut up, Stevenson.
He's the new guy. Snik looks at Brian.
Get out of the way! Yeah, you!
Don’t call it ‘shit’.
Don’t be such an ass. Maya told me.
Whatever.
Hair well above the collar ——standard, L. A. P. D. regulation.
Because this pain—in—the—ass criminal psychology expert has helped me understand what I'm capable of. And what I'm not.
Barnes, where the hell have you been?!
Where the hell are you going?He had some odd opinions about Stalin I had to turn around, he was all right. I don’t hold a man’s race against him, but I don’t often go for Britishers. Pompous bunch of tea sops most days.
Ratchett.
I didn’t want to do that. Poirot fumbles for his pocket. Arbuthnot takes Hardman’s gun off Poirot before he can draw, throws it out a window. Agitated, as if angry at Poirot for making him do this. Damn you.
You stupid man.
Man, that is one George Michael notch from being gay.
Good sign. Younger the better.  It would be a fucked-up God to take down this plane.
Fag.
I know what you're doing!  It's alright to be scared, Carter. You don't have to prove to us how big your balls are. Not now.
Look at this poor fucker. His inventiveness will be the thing that does him in. It’s been a preoccupation of men since God knows when. Still don’t believe me? Well, look at this. A space shuttle is launched.
At four fifteen in the morning? This guy’s got to be a pervert just like you.
You don’t know that. It might be some guy’s morning jerk back on the east coast, or in Europe, or some fucking place where it’s night. It’s the world wide web dumbass. This guy could be anywhere. 29
I’ve got this set up so that we can tell what pics we’re selling based on the sound. The buzzer is the trailer trash stuff. The chime is over forty. The whistle is all the big titty stuff. And the bell is the ass fucking housewives.
Tits are like bells? Since when?
The hell with school. Everybody reads the same books, they all know the same shit. It’s like a rubber stamp. Graduated, graduated, graduated. It doesn’t mean shit. If it did, everybody would end up rich. You need to work. That's what a man does. He works...he provides...you got me Jackie? Yeah Dad.
All this fine ass and you don’t fool around, huh Jack?
Jack, Jerry Haggerty just called. Jack winces.
Jerry Haggerty invited me here.
He says he’s got some business venture. And if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have the night club. And that’s turning out more than okay. It saved our ass baby.
These morons blew through all their money. So they went to my friend for help who came to me. And now I come to you.
Well they got all that shit playing on their TV’s, in all their hotel rooms. You name a hotel chain, they’re making money off of porn. Are they all pornographers?
I’m not asking you to make porn movies, Jack. I’m asking you to straighten out a business situation. Jack stares at Haggerty.
Hey Haggerty, these guys are animals. I’m not getting into the middle of this. No way.
First of all, I don’t have to do a God damn thing. Got it? Buck and Wayne nod, like children. Alright. I need to figure out what you did right. Obviously something because you made a million bucks in two months. I know what you did wrong, you didn’t pay your partners. And based upon what I see here today, I can safely assume that you don’t have the common sense that Christ gave a cockroach, on how to run a business.
Where does Haggerty fit in?
Shit, I'm sorry Jack. Jack says nothing.
Oh, no, no, no. These Russians are nuts, man. They’ve kicked our asses twice already.
So I go back to LA with my wife’s words rolling around in my head. I’m not in town two minutes and the shit hits the fan. Nikita and a few of his goons stand by a waiting car. They motion for Jack. Jack eyeballs them and forces his best smile.
I am? What are you talking about? You are. You’re a rockstar. Everybody knows you.
Sure you did. To the morons. They like me Jack. I’m like a father confessor to them.
I mean, here’s Wayne, worth well over thirty million dollars in no time at all, and this dumb bastard is stealing toilet paper from the office.
I have some real interesting ideas on the site's future, man. I want to set up a sick-ass portal for my premium members, fucking cutting edge shit man.
What kind of terrorism are you referring to? Do you mean national, international, eco, bio or just the straight up bad asses? Audrey and Allman lock eyes. He’s a little taken aback.
I can’t believe this! I mean, straight up, I just can’t believe this! I’ve been waiting and waiting for this moment. Haggerty turns to the wet bar, about to make a drink.
I don't get it, that guy is clearly a total douchebag...He's wearing Capris!
I'd let you blow me.
Plus, do you know how much pussy we're going to get?
What the fuck is that?...Sounds like the greek dish I had for lunch.
Good shit eh.
My best friend is a giant pussy.
We need to get you laid.
Then let's go get me laid.
You gonna spend the rest of your life complaining?You’re really the only guy for the job. You’re the guy. Bond looks at both of them. My round.
Go to Belmarsh. I want everything that Blofeld listens to, looks at and touches scanned. Scan every corner of that cell. Scan the whole prison, in fact scan the whole damn man.
And now this Safin has taken it back.
They’re going to kill millions.
Name’s Mildred. How long before you’ve got ‘em put up?
LATINO
Thought you only take out black dudes, Dixon... DIXON goes to punch him, but WILLOUGHBY is suddenly there, grabs his punching arm and shoves him towards the station. People on the street are staring, especially the blacks.
Well, he’s the head of ‘em, ain’t he? The buck’s gotta stop at somebody, don’t it?
You alright there, fella?
Always with the smart-ass...
I’m up next if any of you ole ladies ever quit yakking.
No she didn’t know anything about it. She’s against that kinda thing.
Oh that cooze won’t listen to reason. She’s as tough as an old boot!
You! Get over here.
Is that from a play, “You got a real nice cock, Mr Willoughby?” I think I heard it in a Shakespeare one time.
Which fucking Academy you go to? ABERCROMBIE looks over DIXON’s cluttered desk; his MOMMA’s photo, toy figurines, ANGELA HAYES’ case file, a comic book.
I don’t got a fancy woman.
Well what am I, a fucking doctor?! WELBY goes back to his bed. Sound of DIXON still crying. DIXON’S POV: Thru bandages, of the ceiling, him crying still. Then the SOUND of liquid pouring. Then the SOUND of shuffling steps. Then the POV catches WELBY, limping over. Carrying a glass of orange juice. He places it beside DIXON’s bed and puts a straw in it. POV follows WELBY a little way back to his bed then drifts to the ceiling and remains there. As his crying continues. 106
You don’t have to explain yourself to me cos you’re having dinner with a midget, Mildred.
The only real chance we’re gonna have is when we fight back. You can’t “apply” for freedom. Freedom is never granted to the oppressed. It’s got to be demanded. Taken.
Virginia acts like Brown vs. the Board of Ed. never happened. They’ll never just let a “colored” woman take classes at an all white school! Dorothy is curt.
Where the hell do you go everyday?
LEONARDO DiVINCI WAS GAY!
Can I be honest? I don’t give a shit about Rotten Tomatoes. I’ll have the folks at Rotten Tomatoes know that that Bobbyland will soon be the first podcast to ever be released on vinyl! And I finally got the footage from my Queer Eye audition! Check it out exclusively on the Bobbyland app! 6
Can’t it be some sort of big, dangling bisexual?
Oh goddammit Angela, what about the 400 lesbians who fought in the Civil War?
Well, they weren’t lesbians necessarily, some were trans men, some were women who dressed as men so they could fight.
want a stage full of animatronic, talking bisexuals. Talking and moving and gesturing bisexuals. Bisexual holograms. Bisexuals soaring above you, everywhere you look, everywhere you turn!
A lesbian wrote America the Beautiful! Where’s her exhibit? Katharine Lee Bates, a lesbian in 1893 - she scrawled the lyrics on a napkin! You can go to her house in Virginia - they have the napkin!
Oh. Shitrocket and vodka I guess. Henry dances off. Aaron stands there hiding under a baseball cap, nodding subtly to the beat.
I mean, I guess. I’m 42. If I was straight I’d be home right now, getting fat on my couch, dealing with kids or, I don’t know, doing whatever straight white people do. I think they sit at home watching things with Jason Bateman. Aaron laughs. Bobby laughs too. They clink Shitrockets.
Oh just about how a lot of gay guys are secretly really stupid!
Bobby, let it go. He’s a dick.
HAHA. LOLOL. CAN I SEE UR ASS?
DON’T HAVE ASS PIC, SORRY.
NEED TO SEE ASS PIC THO!
NICE BRO. YOU MUST HAVE A HOT ASS.
closeted frontiersmen in Jonas the California Gold Rush of 1849. Of course it has to be two straight guys. Straight guys are always allowed to play gay and gay men are hardly ever allowed to play straight. They’re worried the audience won’t believe it. And I’m like - look at the shit people believe! Star Wars, Transformers, Spider Man - people won’t believe a gay man can play straight but they believe in fucking Chewbacca?
Oh wait - I wanna see that! Gay guys are my jam. Bobby grimaces at that.
Yeah! They skipped right to 7! Ryan Reynolds is fucking crazy like that!
Ryan Reynolds is such a badass.
Yeah. Mike and Doug. They’re just these big, rugged, roided out meatheads. Not the brightest but... sweet guys. You wanna go over there?
Probably never. He’s like this wannabe “bro”, you know? He’s smart but it’s like he never got over wanting to be this dude. And I see the guys he looks at. They’re all like him. And that’s not me.
This is the Legends Pavilion. Unsung heroes from LGBTQ history. This is We’wha, a revered transgender Native American “twospirit” from the Zuni tribe in the 1800’s. She was accused of witchcraft and sent to prison.
Magnus Hirschfeld was a doctor who founded the Sex Institute of Berlin in the 1930s, which carried out the first advocacy for LGBTQ rights. It was burned to the ground and destroyed by the Nazis.
Honestly people would love that shit!
Well if you ask me, Lincoln is just another cis white man.
Just another cis white man? He’s Abraham Lincoln!
Not according to @wokecunt.
A hugely popular TikTok historian.
And Hitler was gay too!
I have spent the last twenty-five years listening to every gay guy on Earth complain to me. I am not my fucking character. I’m not every gay man’s best friend. I’m just out in the world thinking I was going to get a tour of a museum. But no. Instead I get a bunch of tedious complaints I’ve heard eight thousand times before. Did I waltz in here and lay all my shit on you? I’m a divorced single mother -- you want to hear what that’s like?
Ok settle down various gays. Look, maybe Aaron’s not the one but you liked going out with him, right? Maybe it’s a sign you should go on some dates!
You like your nips played with? Um, sure.
I need to tell you something. What’s up? I’m gay.
You were a confident little gay boy.
No! I’m just giving you what you want! You want aggression, tough guy? You want a fucking fight? Bobby pushes Aaron. Aaron pushes Bobby back. It escalates. The guys wrestle on the lawn. The football players rush over.
Isn’t that dangerous? Like for your liver and balls and stuff?
Yeah but half the guys you know are roided out morons.
Biggest gay TV producer on the planet. Gay and groundbreaking.
No. It’s an LGBTQ museum, the world’s first, we spoke last year LAWRENCE GRAPE That damn bush. Lawrence looks past Bobby and Aaron out the window. Bobby and Aaron look behind them at a bush that’s growing outside.
Yeah it’s a fucking ride. Unless you think a ride is too much -BOBBY No, not at all. Tell me more.
No one likes him except for straight people and old queens.
Excuse me? We’re the Gay Twitter Witches. Everyone knows us and everyone wants to be us. We have 126,000 followers.
Do you even know Bobby? He’s actually a good person and he works his ass off.
I’m warning you WITCH #3 Bring it on, you do nothing, old, capitalist, cis gay bro-bot! Aaron shoves him back. BOBBY AND WANDA ARE now at the front of their float, giving a speech to the crowd.
Hey fellas! How’s Hallheart Village treatin’ ya? You see that gay movie they did? That was kinda dope.
I’m telling you - one of the things that saved me is that my parents exposed me to gay stories when I was young. When I was 12 years old we saw a Broadway play called “Love and Compassion” about gay men spending a summer on Fire Island. And all of a sudden the curtain goes up and there are 7 completely naked gay men on stage. There I am at age 12 - sitting in between my mom and dad - looking at 7 soft penises. And it. was. wonderful. And then two men start kissing. And then they start talking dirty. At one point one of them yelled out “Pound my prostate! Pound my prostate!” - Anne, I swear I didn’t even know what that was! But it was amazing. It had a profound effect on me. To know that I could sit there with my parents and see seven soft penises - seven penises, Anne I was 12 - and to know my parents were ok with that?
That’s not trueBOBBY Then just go be with them Aaron! If that’s what you want. But I will not let you drag me into this any further and I will not let you break my heart. I am too smart for that.
Fuck yeah bro. Love juice. 93
Post-Gay???
Angela and the lesbians, HOLD HIM
You’re all fired!
Me neither! Lesbians, disperse!
Man, that shit you said about me BOBBY Especially to you, Robert. Here’s the thing - when I was growing up, sometimes guys said they were bi to avoid admitting they were gay. It was a way of hiding, a way of holding on to their masculinity in order to save face or something.
I don’t want young gay boys to think they can’t just be gay, if that’s what they really are. I just want them to know that’s ok. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.
I understand that, and of course I want that too! But times have changed, man. Things don’t have to be black and white. Life is short, Bobby. I’m not going to deprive myself of love just to fit into your limited understanding of the world. And that’s not me hiding, I’m not ashamed, this is just who I am. And it hurts when someone tries to tell me who the fuck I am. Especially someone who is supposed to be on my side.
Yeah, me too. You can be a self centered prick but I guess we should give you a chance to redeem yourself.
Well, I give you credit for owning up to your hypocritical bullshit. Most people are too proud to do that. I’m not gonna lie, I’m still angry. But if we just keep fighting that’s all we’re ever doing. And I insist on progress. Not just for our LGBTQ heroes but for our LGBTQ assholes too. Like you. So... I forgive you Bobby.
I love you too. You made me realize that maybe I am just another basic bitch who wants some love in his life. As much as I hate to admit it.
Oh do an old faggot a favor and hold my hand! You’ve got your whole life ahead of you! I’m fading fast! We only go around once, sugarbutt. Aaron smiles and reaches out his hand. Colman takes it and squeezes it gently. After a beat, Colman playfully slaps Aaron’s butt.
You know, just to be a little ...less...you know...gay.
But...you are gay.
And he apologized too. You both fucked up! I know you think there’s no one you can really trust in the world. And I understand that. But I also know that this is supposed to be the biggest night of your life and you look miserable. Is there no part of you that wants to give him a second chance?
You’ve been working so hard trying to be a bro on the outside but I realized that, even though I’m like the gayest person in the world, inside I’ve been trying too hard to be strong and impenetrable too. You were trying to be a bro on the outside. But I was trying to be a bro on the inside. And I don’t want to be that way anymore. So... Bobby gets down on one knee in front of Aaron. At this point all the friends are gathered around them on the dance floor.
Oh no! The gay Twitter Witches! What are you doing here?
She said it would help make the museum not - and I quote - “as depressing as a dick.” 118Get off the damn counter MAX! Now. NOW!
K.W. get in here. You gotta hear this. We finally got a king.
I don't want my brains cut out!
You’re getting a little paunch.
Seven chubby Douglases.
Hairy things, my ass! That's George and Ethel Higgenbottom! I'd recognize them anywhere!
This could mean your membership, you furball!
Stop bein' so perverted, Mouth. You're wreckin' the painting. Mouth's head POPS UP from behind the painting.
Trade ya' .
PACES. Back to his ELMERFUDDimpression. He floor.
This is it! That wascally wabbit must be under here!
Me? Walking with a goonie? When my ass learns how to chew gum, Sheriff.
Well when it does, son, you be There's sure and give me a call. a damn few things left ·in this world I'd pay to see, but that's one of 'em. The Sheriff's defiant. 119
with the little bloodsuckers.
standing at the bottom of the tunnel.
than nu thin' .
Ya, know ... You're not such a strange lookin' guy. I used to have a snake with two heads. Sloth
You hooligan!
Yes my chickadee. Get back in the car. I won't be long.
You gonna have sex?
you are such a wuss.
CARRIGAN
CARRIGAN
CARRIGAN
Bulbhead!
Whatamidoinhere?
STRETCH, FATSO ANDSTINKIE
CARRIGAN
Stinkie, since you been dead, had a toothache?
Fatso, you wake up wit mornin' breath?
Hey, what the hell you doin'?
skinbag.
little creep!
Fatso's
Fatso's mouth expands to the ceiling.
Fatso
Fatso
Fatso
to break, Stinkie.
FATSO
Yo, bulbhaad ... ligbten up.SAM'S THE MAN WHO CRACKED THE WHITEMAN CASE.
Well, little fella, we don't need any outside help here. I don't like you people sniffin' around my neck of the woods. In fact, when the state boys called me about a "J. Edgar" coming up I think I said, "So what?"
More popular than Uncle's Day at a whorehouse.
Suffered some bumps on the old noggin', eh, Phil?
FOR GOD SAKES, JEFFRIES, YOU'VE BEEN GONE FOR DAMN NEAR TWO YEARS.
Boneless.
Donna, you are such a crack up. You don't even like Mike. Is this what you are going to do to show me you are not uptight.
Shit, is that Donna Hayward?
Not you, Donna, not you.
The guy split.
I don't like Europe much either, son.  Didn't quite figure it the same way, but damnation, you don't turn down a phone call like that, do ya?
Jesus fucking God. FLASHBACK - INT. ARES - ACCESS TUBE - NIGHT SUPERIMPOSE: MISSION TIME DAY 15 Dark.  Someone moves along.  And emerges into - INT. ARES - OBSERVATION SPHERE - NIGHT An icosahedronal slice has been removed from one side and replaced with optical glass.  A billion stars are brighter and more numerous than you've ever imagined.  Gallagher comes in, bumps smack into Chantilas.  Thought he was alone.
No one said jack to me about the Greeks and Romans.  Shit, I just came along to fix stuff.
By my calculations, if I ditch my reserve tank now and commit to a three-second apogee burn, I stabilize my orbit for another eighteen hours.  I'd like someone to check the numbers as my apogee's in seven minutes. INT. MISSION CONTROL - NIGHT Russert has to grin.  It's gonna drive him crazy and it's exactly what he'd do.  Before any of them can bitch and whine -
You still think we had any business coming to Mars?  Screwing with stuff?  Trying to spread life?  You think maybe God's teaching us some hardass lesson? Pettengill just makes some kind of weird gulping noise and turns away.  They let him be.
I'm the first man to piss on Mars. Burchenal and Pettengill follow suit on the other side of the Hab.  A beat, then -
Damn.
You know what I miss?  A drink sometimes at the end of the day...Damned hard-asses at NASA. Gallagher gets a look in his eye.
Nobody deserves to die like that.
Somewhere, Mr. Plummer, my 10th-grade math teacher, is cackling like a son-of-a-bitch. Under which, he slithers underneath, opens the main purge and fills the big steel bucket with rocket fuel.  It looks just like the guy at Texaco, working on your car.  Lugs it away from the Cosmos.
All right, all right -- I'm a major ass.
A major prick.
Something old and something new. I used the sextant when I was your age, but now they have these goddamn computers to do all the work for you.
God damn, we're in New York! You did it, my man!!
Got some good shit here, holmes.
Loosen up, baby. It'll feel way better if you're stoned.
What the hell are you kids doing down here?Ralston get outta the car, you're lookin at a real soldier here pay some respect.
Nahh, look at me now though right? I been clean and sober for 14 months, doing construction and renewing those supportive and healthy friendships from my past. Matter of fact I talked to the bastards, told em you were back and they asked me to politely remind you that kick off's in twenty minutes.
Oh Hamilton's one sixteenth black man now.
Hey this is a clean game asshole.
Well I went down to the police station and I talked to somebody with a badge. Sure as hell didn't seem like much of a sheriff.
-- Whoa. I still got another six hours to pay the money back. You                         * tell those crummy Klane brothers that harassing a man when he's already in the slammer is beneath even them --
Well, money talks, bullshit walks.
No shit... It's beginning to dawn on Vince that there may be more to Julius than meets the eye.
Lemme tell you something about America, Julius -- nobody likes a smart-ass.
Watch out for him -- he's kind of a dickhead, if you know what I mean.
Look, Beetroot -- if we can't renegotiate we wither and die. I'm not delivering any goddam Cadillac without knowing for sure I got twenty for my cut.
blocks the doorway, cutting Webster off.
Holy shit.   It's all true.                              * CUT TO:
Well -- forget all that disco shit, everyone's seen it. When I really want to romance a girl, I waltz with her.
Get these jerks outside.
Got a light, pal?                                      * Julius, without breaking stride, turns his head, looks at the Creep.
Yup, back again... Round two... Poor bastard... anyway... Anyway...
Fuckin' Coco, mate!
You tell 'em!
y`kiddin'
Takin' the piss, mate!
Peanut - would you like me to spank your bony arse?
-- `s at the top of the stairs with 'is todger stickin' out of 'is trousers, laughin' his head off!
Right rascal!
She's a wife ... can't be off gobblin!
Got a grievin' 'usband!
We'll have a fag in the passage.
the bathroom mirror - with a soapy face - and you 'll fee l h er approaching... entering... she's come in for a pair of tights drying on the radiator... on the way out she pats your bum and she'll give you a tiny smile - almost not a smile - almost invisible - but a smile nevertheless and it'll mean the fucking world to                              * you... The whole incredible world...
... I'm talkin' about the real McCoy .. the actual bloke!
Now Rod Taylor - that's different! - What a shag! Mamma Mia! -- Big fat back!
Jokin', mate ... she'd fuckin' love that!
He's a masherkist!
Coz if it's true ... if it is true ...                * you're comin' round my house ... get in the back room ... bottle of gin ... in the tin bath ... and my Agnes'll take care of it - with a coat hanger!... Then that'll be ta ken ca re of and we can forget all about this slack behaviour of yours...
Oi, fi shface ... S he's lookin ' at you!... Now she's lookin' at me! ...
Poor bastard!
... Aintcha?!
He's a masherkist!
bloke, Liz! -- A really good bloke!...
My arse has gone to sleep!
The ol' numb-bum?
`Ope to Christ he's done somethin'!
Do what you want.... Y'comin'?
I’d rather let ‘em know I’m not an asshole.
The Lord did something with it. He smited that Hell-hole.
But you’re selling us weed.
Avert your eyes, ya’ perv.
Balls, too.
Eww. No, he’s not. He’s a fucking lloyd. Like most Jersey guys.
Fuck, man! I love King Diamond, man!
Becks, do you ever go ass-tomouth?
You never go ass-to-mouth.
You’ve never gone ass-to-mouth?
I’ve never gone ass-to-mouth.
But sometimes, in the heat of the moment, it’s forgivable to go assto-mouth.
I’m fucking bored, man. And boredom’s the first step on the road to relapse. Silent Bob studies Jay for a beat, then exits the frame. He comes back with a boom box, sets it down and presses play. Q Lazsurus’ “Goodbye Horses” begins playing
Alot better. It only took two years and a shit-load of chemo, but this red cell count’s almost back to normal.
Your chicks are your left and right.
“Danger! Danger! My name is Anakin! My shitting acting is ruining saga!”
Thank you. It took her a few years to figure out that shit every little girl’s Mother tries to teach her, but she has to learn herself. And that’s that guys that look like you have a lot more to offer, because you’ll always try harder than a pretty boy.
You ever seen a chick give a mule a blowjob?
In a non-gay way.
Well, then, gimme your phone. Because Mr. Dante’s never seen a donkey show, and it’d be nice to give him this before he goes off to Florida to get married an do all those other things that prevent a guy form ever seeing a fucked up donkey show in his lifetime. Elias hands Randal his cell.
Strangely, no. But, if you’ve seen pics of one chick sucking off a donkey, you’ve seen ‘em all.
Myra Hodgkiss.
You know how every girl’s parents put a pussy-troll in them when the girls are young to keep them from having pre-marital sex? At a loss, Randal offers a half-nod to the deluded Elias.
We would’ve already, if it wasn’t for Lister-Fiend.
Lister-Fiend is the Mouth-Troll, isn’t he?
Yeah, but back before he was the mad-ducats guy, he was just Pickle-Fucker. You see, freshman year, the seniors would hunt us down and put us through what they called “initiations.” They’d stuff us in the lockers, or throw us in the girls’ shower room naked. But, Lance here got the worst of it. The seniors yanked down his pants and shoved a pickle up his ass and made him walk ten feet. The pickle fell out before he hit the ten-foot mark. He had to take a bite of it, re-insert it, and walk again.
Ease up, Pillow-Pants. The dude’s not into your D&D/Go-Bots bullshit.
I remember that one time she went to take a leak and the shake machine siezed up and shut down, so it was just quiet enough to hear her pissing...
Well, my mom would never take a shit at Mooby’s
Man, that shit Lance said must’ve really bothered you.
Oh, fuck him. Sooner or later, I’ll do something with my life and make my mark. But, until I do, whatever I do with my life is not a waste of time. It’s all building toward something.
No, it’s not. Nigger is.
Shut up, Elias!
When ignorant racists starting saying it a hundred years ago.
Well, she never called any Jews “Sheenies.” She just used to say “Sheeny-curse” a lot. It was cute.
I disagree, man. She was just an old timer. Everyone talked like that back then. It didn’t mean they were racists.
You’re kdding.
Up here, Jackass! Jay moves away from the building and looks up at the roof, spotting Beck peering down at him.
Alright, you do suck.
MY BALLS!
Yo, we love pussy! Jay and Silent Bob blow into their party horns. Dante looks at the unlikely trio, flabbergasted. shoves a beer into Dante’s hand.
Yo! Freddie fucking Mercury! Where’s Kinky Kelly?
Did you see the size of that cock?
Oh, I’m holding you back. I remember like ten years ago, the night we went to Julie Dwyer’s funeral, you were all like “I’ve gotta shit or get off the pot.”
Man, that’s you all over: scrape by with the bare minimum. Well, I’m tired of that, Randal. I’m not in hight school anymore. Shit, I’m not even in my twenties anymore. I don’t wanna sit around and rag on customers while eating free food. That’s what you want. That’s what you’ve always wanted.
Well, if that’s all you want out of life, then God bless. But, I refuse to let your shit taint the rest of mine. No - I’m gonna smooth things over with Emma, go to Florida, and start my Randal Graves-free existence!
Res;,on::.ir.; to that 10-75 en PussywillC'-' and Orar.ge. I a~ obs~~ving distant lights at five hundred fe:t. Looks like Army Parachutn flares. Grec:-.:!o·.1se -.:iulls over
Ah shit.
you lose some sle~p
become a lot of thinqs a week a;o.
sic.e.
to a white
by ioi t'1 ting the
So I was thinking about making a chart for each time I save your ass. And when I do it ten times, you buy me lunch.
You don't get it, hoss. This guy is different. Worse than anyone. He tried to blow up the Earth but I stopped him. He developed a dislike for me and for certain behaviors of mine, such as being alive.
Do me a favor, don't badmouth your old man.
Hard to badmouth someone you don't know.
We're number one! In your face! Suck it!
Oh, yeah? Off a Dodo in a cage.
No way, man. You don't mess with that guy. He'll kill you, me, and then he'll go after our families!
Never heard of any Yaz.
Damnit, Kay, are you TRYING to blow my cover?
To a group of people -- that incredible Factory mix from slumming socialites to Black Panthers to the freakiest freaks... They surround a SKANKY GUY -- and whatever they're watching on TV is so mesmerizing it's like they're seeing the face of God...
They don't even care, man. They leave their money everywhere.
Omaha, my ass. Kay looks at the card: GREETINGS FROM SUNNY FLORIDA -- a tourist post card with palm trees, oranges and beaches.
This is some good shit.
Hey, dude, you got a tattoo.
Well, actually, we've never met officially, but I bumped into you at the cafeteria and you were so sweet. I said, "I'm sorry," and you said, "Watch it, white bitch, or I'll put my size eight in your ass." I thought how cool. I wear a size eight, too. Anyway, this is my best friend, Cindy.
Loose nuts. You better hide them.
So, if one of our little chickadees is taking a shower which one of these buttons do I press to get a close-up?
Balls on My Chin...
Damn.
Dude, you suck.
So, this hot Spanish chick is licking my balls and I'm fingerbanging her, right, just then...
Dude, somebody's on the rag.
A dick pump?
Come on you coward! Show yourself! Fight me like a man.
Yo' Tommy, what up, man?
Flippin idiots Omar watching the video winces
Yeah, if you want to be some sad loner trenchcoat mafia twazzock.
They seek him here, they seek him there, but he’s not there cos he’s blowing up your slag sister!
You wanna come Fess? Fessal is unexpectedly on the spot
you bro. Beat.
Flippin heck man would ya?
You’ve got a beard
Right. So you went into a shop with your hands on your face like that and asked for twelve bottles of bleach? So why has she got her hands on her face, Fess?
Cos she’s got a beard.
we should flippin pop it brother.
- you know - where you put a bean up the end of your nob, man. Omar looks at Barry and back to Hassan again - a real “you did what?!” look on his face.
Jew, gay, fed, Sodomite, Gynaecologist, innocent bloke doesn’t exist - Leonard Cohen. Here you give me that. You do some work. While doing this Barry looks up at Fessal. He takes the camera and turns it on Fessal who hurriedly puts a box on his head. Hass has finished packing the cannister. Waj is gorming with excitement
Come on lads. Why don’t you just pick up the phones and call the cops? Come on. Sorry man.
Hello bro. Oh dear bro did you miss it? Omar chest shoves Barry onto his arse.
I’m rappin. I’m rappin, I’m rappin in the moonlight, cos I don’t need no shitlight, cos I’m feelin’ alright. He takes Alice’s hands and jives with them. Hass-
We’re so gay. I’m not.
You ripped me up bro 57
wee in his own gob?
What is wrong with you bro?
I'm loaded! I'm fucking loaded! The police stop in their tracks. Waj is fleetingly chuffed. Then back into the kebab shop. There's four guys in there seated and two guys behind the counter, Ali and Nabil, all Asian.
Oh yeah - and nice fit arses man!
We are the martyrs - your just smashed tomataz
Get all that shit out of your system now -- I need you about as entertaining as a loaf of bread. Your audience finds no humor in three hundred people dying in a grocery store. Matt looks out the window as they pass over the POTOMAC RIVER. They ride in silence. Matt looks at her.
Who the hell are we going to see?
This ain’t no outpost in Peshwar, this is the goddam USS New York. You will follow our rules to the letter. And if she gets in another ‘schoolfight’ I’ll toss your whole team in the drink. You read me?
Could be a lot of explanations -MATT For someone activating a GPS Beacon then taking a Reynosa cartel soldier’s vehicle and driving it toward the leader of the Sonoran cartel’s fucking summer house?! What the explanation? I can’t wait to hear this, I’ve got goosebumps. Forsing leans close.
If you’re right, that means your assassin is running around Northern Mexico -- on his own -- wearing a GOVERNMENT ISSUE GPS LOCATOR ... Buddy, we were ordered to shut him down. I say we inform the State department and have Mexican police intercept before he does something that parks us in front of a goddam
In the early years they saw the retreating backs of the Russians too often to be frightened by his face now. The replacements, on the other hand, think every Russian is an infallible fighting machine. I feel damn sorry for our poor land sers.
You'reinsane.
Gertrud is not coming, Sergeant. He stares at her. She takes ah envelope out of her pocket.
I don't understand you. Are you a friend of Stransky's? My im- pression is that you wish him in hell.
Damn it. I hate to leave this place. We worked weeks fixing this place up -- this damn army.
He had them ten minutes ago. The swine must have dumped them.
A pretty goddamn good map. It's not only got their positions in front of Krimskaya -- it's got ours, too.
Suppose we do sneak through the Russian lines? Our own men will mow us down, us looking like a pack of damned Russians! A silence falls upon the men.
How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything...
I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
All right, that is enough of this nonsense, and I mean enough! Get up off this floor, Rose, and put your damned tit back in your dress! Do you hear me, girl, get up off of that floor!
Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
Well, it's... very gay.
Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose.
Heh, what a hypocrite.
Reading dirty comic bocks.
All right, I have got a Parker shotgun here and it is loaded and the trigger is cocked and wherever you birds are and whatever you are doing you had better get the hell out of here goddamned quick!
I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
-- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
Open that door, damn you!
Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator.
No way, man! Get your own...
You stink, American! ANGLE ON DREW
For forty years, Shaolin disciples have made their quest to deliver a scroll to me. You are not Chinese.
You're appalled? This kid broke the Chain of Command and he ratted on a man of his unit, to say nothing of the fact that he's a U.S. Marine and it would appear that he can't run from here to there without collapsing from heat exhaustion. What the fuck's going on over at Windward, Matthew?
Matthew, siddown.
You gotta play 'em as they lay, Luther.
Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!
Well what do you know. Son, this man's dad once made a lot of enemies down in your neck of the woods. Jefferson vs. Madison County School District. The folks down there said a little black girl couldn't go to an all white school, Lionel Kaffee said we'll just see about that. How the hell is your dad?
No, I like all you Navy boys. Every time we've gotta go someplace and fight, you fellas always give us a ride.
Take caution in your tone, Commander. I'm a fair guy, but this fuckin' heat's making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds? On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that it's an invaluable part of close infantry training, and if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my base how I run my base. You want to investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 80 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So don't for one second think you're gonna come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You mind telling me why the hell you never mentioned this before?
"Wow, Kaffee, you're the greatest lawyer in the world. How can we ever thank you?" Fellas, you hear what I just said, you're going home in six months.
Well, you sure hustled the shit outta him.
'Cause Dawson'd kick my butt, sir.
Damn.
Damn.
Yes sir. That day, sir. Friday. The Pick-up Private -- sir, that's what we call the fella who drops us at our posts and picks us up... also, 'cause he can get girls in New York City -- the Pick-up Private got a flat...
Bullshit! You could've gotten it by picking up the phone and calling any one of a dozen departments at the Pentagon. You didn't want the transfer order. You wanted to see Jessep's reaction when you asked for the transfer order. You had an instinct. And it was confirmed by Markinson. Now damnit, let's put Jessep on the stand and end this thing!
I'll bet he is. I'll bet he bores the shit outta the neighbors and the relatives. "Sam, made Law Review. He's got a big case he's making -- He's arguing making an argument."
Damnit Kaffee!!
Jesus Christ, dude -- look out...!
Even the dicks in Ad Vice had suspended bookie shakedowns because Mickey Cohen was raking ten grand a day and kickin' back five percent to the advertising agency promoting the bond issue.
The old fuck never knew any better. Never knew what he cost me. Or Sammy, who'd died at Manzanar. I was a good fit in the snitch's jacket and with a little alteration I slipped easily into the whole suit.
One of Lee's snitches fingered Bobby DeWitt, a greasy little pimp with a yard long rap, as the brains behind the bank job.
Gettin' there.
Officer Bleichert, the men of Central Dicks, Homicide, Ad Vice, Bunco, et cetera. I'm Captain Jack Tierney. You and Lee are the white men of the hour, so I hope you enjoyed your ovation. You won't get another one until you retire.
You takin' bribes, partner?
Copacetic.
I've got an alibi, just in case you think I did it. Tighter than a crab's ass, and that is air tight.
Tom, Dick, Harry. Don't matter.
For such a cautious man you're quite a hardcase.
What'd the cooze say 'bout me?
No shit Sherlock.
But she cock-teased you.
Saw you fight Mondo Sanchez. Boxed the pants off him. Another Billy Conn you were.
But the deeper into her I got, the more I understood the detective's old saw: any dick worth his suit always takes a side: the perp or the vic.
You're a pimp. You know Betty Short?
Tell me what your girls tell you!
--She do dyke?
No mister you got it all wrong.
I got headshakes, bullshit broadsides and a strange series of tales that rang true. One had "el blanco explosivo" beating the shit out of three jack rollers, then buying off the cops with double-saws peeled from a large roll. Another had Lee donating 200 scoots to a leper ministry priest and then driving to Ensenada.
I'm looking to get him out of a shitload of trouble.
Four of my guys he take, the fifth he don't. Rurales take him home to sleep it off.
Milton Dolphine, citizen of San Diego and a licensed private dick. I got seventy bucks in there but that money's jackshit compared to what Blanchard was holding. You go partners with me and it's easy street--
Delores Garcia. But it was obviously a phony. Casco ran with some rich bimbos and I'm betting she's one of his. Revenge on Blanchard for offin' Felix.
The locals keep the damn thing lit up. They got a lotta missing relatives.
Fire and Ice. The hero and the snitch. Bank robber and his best friend the bumfuck detective. Triggerman. Stooge. Weak point in a fairy tale triangle.
Newton Street Division. Footbeat hacks carried metal-studded saps; squadroom dicks packed .45 automatics loaded with unregulation dum-dums.
It's all right, dear. I know this pug.
Used to be dozens'd stop by, you know. Drive up from Dago or San Berdoo just to snap a shot of the goddamn garage back there. Thought maybe they'd find one of Betty's dresses in the garbage. Jackals.
...besides, one of my foremen said the goddamn pipes are spewing gas...There'll be hell to pay. It's about time I showed the three of you good ol' Scotland.
How'd you meet that asshole, Andy, anyway?
Make yourself to home, fella.
Who are you? What are you doing in this cell?
Captain... this is some spooky shit we got here.
Where the hell did you come from, mister?
Keep it in your pants, "V".
Best god damn ears in town.
You guys are lookin' at him. The man with the best god damn ears in town.
He was a skinhead, right?
Beat his ass, Henry!
He's lying, man! I was right there!
Next time, man.
Don't let him walk scot-free here. For his sake...not mine. You might be all he has left.
So here's the drill. Take it or leave it cause I'm sick of babysitting. I'm your history teacher from here on out. We're gonna deal with shit happening right now. Call it American History...X. I see your ass once a day. Any more, any less, and you're a memory at Venice High. Clear?
I'll take this negro down.
Name your price, Cracker.
Fuckin' BYU, man!  All right!  All we need is one now!
Use that fat ass and keep him out, Seth!
Little Henry the negroid?
Is Davina's ass water tight?
Hurry up and leave, Goodyear.  You've taken your dump now go.
Hey Seth? Cut the shit.
Hey! How are you, man? Fuckin' A. Long time no see. Look at that hair.
I got shit to do, Dan.
Come on! Dick Nixon's playin' at Cammeron's tonight. You owe me.
Come on. Let's pull it together. Hey! We're not playing fuckin' games here. Let's go.
Fuck yeah it is.
We both put food on this table, fella.
I didn't interrupt shit.
Goddamn, man!
I'm not fat, cockwart!  I'm husky!
Holy shit.  Father Vinyard!?
You're a fuckin' god, man!
You gotta chop that mop, Der!
The Mexicans.
So what's up, man? I'm hearing a lot of shit about you.
Fuckin' talk to me then. We're family here. Let's work it out whatever it is.
Jesus, Der.  What happened?
I got your back. Righteous white Cracker with attitude. Just like the Judge who sentenced me, man.
Oh shit! Sorry, man! Forgot who the luck I was talking to there for a second.
Get me outta here, Sweeney.
What are you gonna do, man?
That sucks, man.
Well...we might be pussies too if we got treated the way he did.
Everything's hunky dory, Ben!  No problemo. Only us white folk.
Huge dicks, Cam.  That's all it is.
Oh go girlfriend! Don't be puttin' up wid dat, girl! Oh stop girl!
Derek? You gotta let him go, man. They gotta get him outta here.
Yes, *sir*.
Who? Who? Your boss! A nut, huh? A nut! Wow! There's a *story* in this guy--! I smelled it!
Well! About time, toots! Redhead or no readhead--keeping a guy waiting two hours is no--
For instance, we tell 'em when the phonies, crackpots and hillbillies come here to make their laws--
Oh, you mean--Puss in Boots.
Yes. Mostly "Puss."
Be quiet, Chick--I'm trying to think--
That won't work, Chick. This boy's honest, not stupid.
I don't mind *who* gets licked in a *fair* fight, Diz. It's these clouts below the belt I can't take. Sicking that horrible dame on him--when he's goofy about her--
Shut up, Diz.
Now--how'd Humpty-Dumpty get in here?
You don't know a name off-hand you like better, do you, Diz?
As I was saying--the state *needs* men like you--*smart* men.
I don't care *what* you've done! Don't quit. Don't grab a measly chance like this to save a few pieces--other men could--but not you. As long as you lived, you'd remember you ran out and threw this country of yours to the jackals--!
No sir! If anybody here thinks I'm going back to those boys and say to 'em: "Forget it, fellas. Everything I've told you about the land you live in is a lotta hooey. It isn't your country--it belongs to the James Taylors--!" No, sir, anybody that thinks that has got another think coming!
Are you Commissioner of Safety or--? *Hoodlums*! Taylor's hoodlums are running riot in the streets! Even children are not safe--hospitals are filled! I won't stand for this violence--
Meet Clarissa, fellas.Don't call me a bum! I ain't no bum!
Now they get theses blasted computers to do their dirty work!
So, fella? You see the problem?
Good lord, fella! I'm talking about your boss.
You ain't the computer, man.
Ah, shut up.
That fella's becoming a public menace.
Don't be getting' racist with me, man.
Hair like a sunset, eyes like stars, and built like a -GUY WITH EYEPATCH
BROCK: That creature that just went out of here — that baboon with the dyed hands — he’s got his foot on my neck! Through you!I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
How are you feeling, kid?  You don't look so bad to me.  In fact, you look strong enough to pull the ears off a Gundark.
Now will you move along, little fella?  We're got a lot of work to do.
You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.
Bounty hunters.  We don't need that scum.
Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler!  You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled.
How you doing, you old pirate? So good to see you!  I never thought I'd catch up with you again.  Where you been?
Ah, shit.
Dude, holy shit!
See, that's what I'm saying. You're hostile, man.
Yeah, until all those chicks showed up.
FUCKIN' AMAZING!
FOR A MOMENT.
That is, that is some very uh, definitely supernatural shit, going on there.
I mean, I'm not gonna- it doesn't matter, you know. I'm never gonna get out of this piece of shit town. You know, we're all just little pieces. One person can't really make a difference. I used to think- I don't know. I don't know.
I'm not GOOD at everything, I just do my best at everything. That's what it's about. I mean you talk about philosophy and shit all the time, but you never really do anything. Have you even applied to colleges yet?
Hell yeah, dude. 47.
Are you fucking kidding, I've never seen a reaction like that in the auditorium, you guys- it was fucking like- it shook the building. You guys are rockstars. 51.
What, you got a probl-
Holy shit, Matt.
Sissy stay away from the window!
Ya vass lublu. Ya vass lublu.
The prisoner, Bartlett, is dische.rged into your custody, Colonel von Luger.
no. He 's not here yet. But there I s an ~11Jnerican called Hendley. He's SUl"POSed to be .twice as good a th!ef and ,blackmailer as ...
My bloody oath,, cobber.
Crazy mixed up kid, that Werner.
It's no good., Cyril. We're going to have to shore up the whole bloody thing. Every inch of .the way. Same with "Dick" and "Harry 11 •
We'll close down ''Dick" and "Harry". Sea_l them. Five days'll put "Tom" into the trees.
polce out •••
WansllI!'lore, old buddy bloody, old chap? MACDONALD
Has to be one of the Yanks. Never can hold their liquor. Hendley and ?,1acDonald move closer.
Good luclc, old chum.
‘Boutique’ is a euphemism for ‘little fish’ and ‘bi-partisan’ denotes a bunch of hippies in suits, some of whom are mercenary enough to swing right when times get hard.
Never heard of him. But if the firm is built in his image, he’s probably a simpering wuss with a Ph.D in styleover-substance.
You’ve seen Jerry Maguire? That’s not gay at all.
No shit, I take it back. Welcome aboard.
Alright, Nothin’. You a politico, or one’a these corporate-types? And what brings a fine lady like you to room 409?
I don’t give a shit if they were the Partridge Family. She’s revived this.
The good news is, if we lock down 34 of these money-sucking leeches, we’re over the line.
Dick?
For functions. Believe it or not, not everyone hires me for my “skill set”. Half my clients only want me on their arm. Some just wanna sit ‘n talk to someone from a different neck’a the woods, who ain’t gonna judge ‘em.
Esme Manucharian.
Waiting for Seth Leventhal to roll his fat ass out of Mario’s Trattoria. Been trying to set up a meeting with this pear-shaped bastard all last week, so now I’m just gonna ambush him.
FIFO? Seriously?. Maybe you’re not so sleazy after all.
I meet the client’s needs. Sometimes, that’s bein’ on their arm. Sometimes more. You’d be surprised how many women just wanna sit ‘n talk to someone from a different neck’a the woods, who ain’t gonna judge ‘em. Forde glances to Elizabeth, remembering their earlier conversation. She can’t even look at him.
Shameless bastards. That stunt with the prostitute - anyone who knows anything about you will know how utterly preposterous that is. Elizabeth and Posner exchange a quick glance.No joke?  You're being transferred to the 19th as your first assignment?  Who the hell loves your ass downtown?
My ass if falling.
You got a great ass!  I love your ass -- now get that falling ass into bed before it hits the floor.
Venza's either going to skip or try to get to her and Venza likes it here.  I want her ass covered, 24 hour protection, but I don't want her to know there is any real danger.
What shit, honey?
I don't know that Ellie.  He might get out.  Garber's not bein' straight with the witness, she could be in deep shit if she identifies him, and it's my job to convince her she won't be.
Ease up, Mike.  Ain't nobody gonna tell the old lady.
Goddamn Venza assaulted a taxi driver in the Bronx, thirteen months ago.  It's coming to court and the judge let him walk because of the pending case law.
We all look like hell.
Jesus, Mike, somebody's been feeding you a line of crap.
Yeah, just... bad gut.  Y'know.
I've moved into Scotty's... Good news about T.J., though.  Looks like that tough son of a gun is gonna pull through.
The guy's a sleaze-bag.  She can't sing.
Fuck it, man.  Our brother needs us. Let's go.
Fuckin' miracle, man.I do beg of your pardon. Chaps. Didn't see you coming.
Shit, It ain't another Mexican, Is it? Chavez Chavez whips a killer look onto Charley. and Brewer instinctively steps between the two.
That's true. Knew a fella in El Capitan who trained his pig to bark at strangers. Billy HISSES smartly at this chubby kid and walks ldly through the mud. fishing a black cigarette from his pocket.
Sure I do. You're a runaway. derelict, scud-bottom vagrant, ain't ya? Like the rest of us.
Okay. Richard. Read to us, if you will. about that louse Governor's new bill--page three is il? Clearly. like William now.
Yeah? I can piss from here to Albuquerue and flood the Rio Grande.
Sounds to me like he's givln' her a heap a'shitjust to get her petticoats up there. LAUGFITER Even Tunstall does his high chuckle. But then the sound of SPOOKED CAT!1..E causes Brewer to draw his colt. spin the chamber and SNAP it ready. Billy sees this. He draws his own gun and does the same. copying Dick.
Well, he's there enough to be dancin' with a pretty lady while we stand here pullin' our tallywhackers. McCLOSKEY Damn straight. And all three adjust their clothes, start sheepishly across the floor.
Hey. Look at the giant. McCLOSKEY That's Juan Largo: s'what the Me.'Cicans call him anyway. Looks important. but he's Just a sheep. cattle and whore thief.
we catch a very quick glimpse of Jimmy Dolan WHISPERING something to EL LOCO, a brick shithouse of a Mexican farmhand. Dolan and El Loco go separate ways.
Hell, Doc. you grew up in a hole worse than that.
I'm sony, Yen. I wanna help you. Yen! Doc begins to pursue her around the comer of the post office and nearly runs smack into-THE SEVEN RNERS WARRIORS --Murphy's shitheads, trotting aggressively.
By killin' Mr. Tunstall. you all have started the damned war, Baker!
He's one ofus now. He's been with us. We made a pact. Right, Mccloskey? McCLOSKEY Right. Jesus, Billy. Billy looks down, shakes his head, then offers a hand to McCloskey. McCloskey takes lt. relieved.
I'm sorry I didn't snilTyou out sooner, you stinkin' cock-a-roach. BOOM! His left hand draws and blasts a powder bum into McCloskey's temple but he still grips his hand, keeping him from flying olT the saddle. BOOM! He shoots him again through the nose, then lets him fall.
Okay, everybody skin to the river. The boys haul ass, and as Brewer passes Bonney, he pulls up and points a threatening finger at hlm.
It means he can whup some ass.
Shit! Whatchya do. mistake a coyote for a cow and milk the wrong udder? Damn. that's rough. Dirty Steve takes It. guzzles some down. Wipes his chin. He swallows some more. The tin comes back to Chavez who drinks long and steady. Again he hands it to Billy. And it goes around and around and ...
When we finish this meal. we're gain' out into the saw yard, you little rodent. and we're gonna see who has the right to run this group of lawmen. Billy nods and Brewer slowly lowers his gun. making dead sure Bonney is doing the same.
Going Into Roswell If It looks safe. Gotta write Dick's mother In Vermont. Get some clean wraps for this ... He ralSes the rag-tangled, blood-stained mess of a right hand.
Dick said we can't touch the SherifJ. You know that, Billy. Besides, we can't keep this up.
All these corrupt politician-types are gonna be gettln' off at Montana's. And so are you. Friend.
Billy. I seen you do somethln' when you went in afier ol' Buckshot.
Don't cuss when ya talk about god, he'll probably set John Kinney down right here In our faces.
Damn, Billy, you ever see a man hanged? His face goes flat purple an' his eyes come up on him.
Yep. Seen Red Smitty's head come right off. What a sight that-DOC --Billy, Charley don't wanna hear about Red Smitty. He wants to hear you say we're not gonna hang.
Ya mess your trousers, they say. Gals watchln' and everythin'.
Okay. Out of the way 'fore ya.get hurt.
You fellas don't feel that? Like when Kinney's right up on our ass and the balls are llyin' and lhe blood goes right to your head. and it's like-Here. he draws over his shoulder--a skillful trick--dropping to a knee and BLASTING SIX SHOTS behind him--and then the "killer shift" throwing rifle and pistol from hand to hand.
Mexico. Ah, see. You fellas are testin' yourselves and you don't even know you're testln' yourselves. Tryln' to make it to Old Mexico. Billy starts to IAUGH and slowly the boys tum around, baffled.
Don't shoot, Billy. 1Just wanna Invite ya'll to a weddln'.
If you don't stand up and whup some ass. you're never gonna make It back to the village. C'mon. Charley! Charley remains kneeling on the floor, broken glass all over him, his face white.
Dick. Charley, Diriy Steve, Chavez, Doc and Billy, riding hell-bent for leather. roughhousing, riding, laughing.How ‘bout I change this, huh? It’s MRS. HAMBLE in the bed, ninety if she’s a day. Skeletal and unblinking. Oh shit...she might be dead already.
...look at these goddamn monkeys... So instead Ruth adjusts the covers, the fluid drip.
I’m so sorry. Ruth sits, preoccupied and distressed, as Angie packs a BOWL-ANGIE A fucked-up thing happened to you. You’re allowed to be upset. --which she is just about to hit when-RUTH It’s not that. And so Angie lowers the bowl, sensing an impending deluge.
You can get these nuts?
Go start the car. Excited and terrified, Tony nods himself into action. INT. BARN - SAME Tony walks quickly towards the exit: trying so hard to look casual that he appears to have a board up his ass. OUT OF FOCUS BEHIND HIM, Sills dickers with a Customer.
whatnot.
Yeah? Butthole, maybe. That gets big laughs.
Occam’s Razor and so forth.
I mean...fuck it, let’s just do it, he’s finally there now-MARSHALL
And you know what wittles is?
You bring me tomorrow morning early, at yonder battery, that file and them wittles - never daring to say a word and I will do what I can to keep that young man out of your insides. Understand?
What might he have done, this convict? And MRS JOE is on him again.
MAGWITCH
You look awful white, old chap. Have some gravy -
Now if this boy ain’t grateful, he never will be.
She ain’t in that line, mum, have no fear. ‘She’?
Something wrong, old chap?
What’s that, Pip? PIP pauses for a moment. Then, in a rush PIP And I wish my boots weren’t so thick and my hands weren’t so coarse and I wish I wasn’t common! He tries to run but JOE stops him, scoops him up JOE Now, now old chap. That’s enough now, what’s all this talk? ‘Common’? Who says you’s common? Tell me PIP The girl, at Miss Havisham’s.
This is the boy, is it? Well I have a pretty large experience of boys, and you’re a bad set of fellows. Behave yourself.
From Kent. They’re the Kentish Pirrips.
MAGWITCH
And when the verdict came warn’t it Compeyson as was recommended to mercy on account of good character and bad company and all the damn’d lies he gave up against me and warn’t it me as got never a word but guilty, guilty, guilty!
The reward on his head is substantial. Every copper and cut-throat in London is on the hunt for your Antipodean Uncle. It was all your Mr Herbert and I could do to get him out in time 180A
What, are you stoned?
Wait. Wait. Slow down SARA I’m ALL WRONG for this. Can’t you see? I’m not like the others FREDDIE I know you’re not like the others. The others are just smart ass, wise cracking, wanna-be, posers.
Hey, whachya doing in here ya’ little nerd? He’s caught. He thinks. He tells it like it is.
The two stoners CRACK UP.
Watch it, fella -- you came with me!
Those are ROCKET SHIPS in there! I can't fly a damn rocket ship!
Zarkov is right.Where’s Blount? Blood froths on the man’s lips. Charlie shakes him. Blount?
One good point for Morris, even if I don’t like the... “Make haste.” Who does that asshole think he is? He turns to the horse-dealer in charge of the place.
Another day up our ass.
Goddamn, this place is Babylon! When they look up, they can see three-floor brick houses with brightly-lit windows.
In the street. Three of them. Eli lifts the curtain and looks across the street. There is a silhouette in front of the saloon/ general store. The guy is not trying to hide. He nods, swaggering. He looks like a killer. Eli cautiously opens the door a chink.
Rex, shit ! Eli? Yes!
Actually, now that you mention it, I can't think of anything I'd rather do than suck your dick.
Jesus, Mini, come on, get off!
Anton Michelle, masseuse to the stars and reported possessor of one of the biggest schlongs in town. Rumor has it, he's pouring the pork to every rich wife between Malibu and Pasadena. He must be incredible if Mary Magdalene dragged her ass out of bed this early.
Take it easy, lady, what the hell's your problem?
And we returned home expecting to find her blabbering like a three year old.
You gonna cuff me, Copper!?
Martin, for god's sake, that was their line. You think I talk like that?
You're hurting me!
You're gonna kill him!
Why, you old dog! I knew you wouldn't be single in here for long.
Like I promised, no prom night highjinks, no nerds becoming popular, no Shakespeare shoved up your ass.Mc Nuggets! And I wanna hold a woman ... for about five years!
Pearls before swine.
believe the way you handled those punks! You guys are incredible!
Excuse me, fellas. The four gang members don't budge an inch. to move forward.
Those guys don't know shit about street fightin'.
And ya got a saloon right down the street. We never had anything like that in prison, Harry. They turn to each other.
What kinda damn toppings ya want on it?
I live here ..• unfortunately. But I don't know for how long. They got too many damn rules to suit me.
You're not gay, are you?
Ain'tcha 4onna mark it on your card?
Goddammit we 'did'! . July 23, 1955 ! That was the day! Last time anybody in this country ever robbed a goddam train! So what if we didn't get away with it.
Old-timer? Why you young punk, I'll show you who's old .•• wanna arm-wrestle? Relax, Pop attack.
Well, I'll be a son-of-a-bitch! If it ain't another son-of-a-bitch! Hiya, Ya~lonski! Howya doin'? You still a patrolman?
Paroled.
Yablonski, this is Jarvis. Where the hell are you? .
I never thought I'd see the great Harry Doyleturn fnto a gutless wimp!
Where ya been for Chrissake!? Do you at least know Vinnie Mendelman?
I'm gonna get a hunnerd of those bastards.
Tell him to open the· :switches all the way, Harry. Or we'll wreck the whole goddam trainl
He's just a tyke. Lighten up.
We take the licks and he gets the chicks.
Oh shut up.
Touch my squeegee... and you die.
Half a Dirty Dozen!
'SCUSE ME!
Okay! We got the firepower! I say we throw it into the car, drive over to Casanova's house, and kick some ass!
Don't worry, fellas...
Bitchin'.
A Herkimer? Those yuppies will drive anything.
Fellas, this is woman without whom I would have gone sane.
Well, maybe you should invest in a god damn compass.
People are homeless. The name of the issue is “homelessness”.
There’s a long storied history of announcing one’s candidacy in a drab shit colored ballroom with electricity... and lights...
Belongs to a guy named Soffer. Real nice guy. Owns a shit ton of real estate down here. EXT. ABOARD THE MONKEY BUSINESS. NIGHT. A PARTY AT SEA! It’s LOUD, and Hart and Broadhurst are drinking tequila from tumblers, talking to LYNN ARMANDT, brunette in her 20s, and DANA WEEMS, a model in her 20s. Everyone’s drinking, SHOUTING over the music. A senator?
I think you got taken buddy.
A few years ago, I figured out most of the planes carrying kilos of coke into the US weren’t coming from Colombia. They’re actually coming from the fucking Bahamas. So I dig a little deeper. Turns out, the prime minister is taking pay offs from Miami lawyers to leave beach front runways unguarded. Wo.
They want to hold for a day, just to get our shit straight. Maybe get the girl’s name.
All right, all right, enough! The kid’s right. They’re just covering their asses.
We’re thinking Tydings...
...Tomorrow me an' my woman are gonna tip on down to Atlantic City, man.
Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid.
Can ya tell I just whacked-off?
Don't get mental, man.
That was alotta crap to go through for a dinner invite.
This is our corner, man! You go, chump!
Damn.
Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight?
She ain't retarded, she's shy.
Does that bum have to say that?
I don't like ya face.
Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock. Some people just hate for no reason, y'know.
I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong.
Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints.
Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'.
Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'.
Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right?
Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
Same thing. Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together. An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought a suit and became a businessman. You put on gloves. An' I remember Mama almost cried, may she rest in peace -- an' our ol' man who said ya had no brains --I'd like to lay hands on that bastard. You ain't never had any luck. Even when I owned you in '66 you never had luck. But now I think you might be gettin' some luck kid. Whatta you think?
Ya need a manager. An advisor. I been in the racket fifty years. I done it all, there ain't nothin' about the world of pugilism that ain't livin' up here.
Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker.
Christ, I know this business. Rocky, when I was fightin' it was the dirtiest racket goin', see. Pugs like me was treated like fightin' dogs -- throw ya in the pit an' for ten bucks ya try to kill each other. We had no management... fought in boxcars, in whorehouse basements, any joint with a floor -- October 1931 I fought a bum who put a tack in the thumb of his glove an' punched so many holes in my face I had spit shootin' outta my cheeks -- I never had no manager watchin' out for me -- See that picture outside the gym -- 'Mighty Mick,' that's me in my prime. I had all the tools. I coulda starched any lightweight husky on the East Coast -- But I had no management. Nobody ever got to know how slick I was, but I had a head for business an' stashed a few bucks an' opened the gym -- It's a dirt hole, I know it, but that an' a lotta scars is what I got to show for fifty years in the business, kid -- now you come along with this shot an' I feel like it's me gettin' the shot I never got... Yeah, we was treated like dogs -- like them Dago's, no offense, in the Colosseum in Rome there -- An' now I got all this knowledge, I wanna give it to ya so I can protect ya an' make sure ya get the best deal ya can!
You ballin' her?
Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister.
Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister.
I'm happenin'! This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender. He's nothin'.
Yo', Dipper, why're ya --
Man, yo' best keep them cameras out! Fight me, boy! Let Creed here see the kind of punk he's fightin'!
Don't chance it, man -- He's sick.
Whatta these guys want?
You're hurtin', man!
Nobody's gonna say ya didn't give ya all. I can't let ya go out.
We know there are Christians among you, like this poor wretch here. An informer told us. Mokichi steps forward, a reluctant spokesman.
Man where is this bus. We got hella gardening.
Haha! Whats your farming ass doing in the street with a rake? Jimmie tracks the car as it huffs its way out of frame. The car does an illegal U-turn, hitting the curb across the street, and screeches to a halt in front of the young men.
So did I have a dick in my mouth? Or, like, a Hitler mustache? Jimmie smirks, a little restless. Montgomery nods politely.
He arrived in WWII, bought this lot, and built this house. The stairs, these windows, the columns, the archways, the witch hat, the balustrades, the fish scales, the little spindles, the balcony, the wall to keep y’all the fuck out - all of it by James Fails the First with his own two hands in 1946.
Okay...Okay! Jayboe, I'm so proud of you man, I miss that place. Ricky eats shit. He looks over at Wanda with a boyish shrug. She looks at him lustily, a spark reignited. 34
I’m gonna drink my coffee and scratch my ass while I read the paper.
NITTY
Wow, he actually soft! Kofi shoves Nitty back, weak.
Just- Bra. LEAN BACK. From the start or your gonna fuck your shMontgomery drops the board. He leans forward and tumbles down the steps like a cat trying to swim. He lands upside down. Jesus! 43
Fuck you mean our old house? Have you seen that house?
Yeah I see all the shit down there, everybody's little path. I'm like 30 steps ahead of y’all. He takes a big swig of seeds. They fall back into silence. Jimmie picks up the scissors and starts cutting the labels.
Yeah right on bro, this shit kinda awkward. But this place hella cool.
Nah, these white people did.
Bra you got one shirt! You look like a fiend! Jimmie cracks a half-smile.
He probably got lace curtains in there for they little dollhouse. The men around Kofi crack up.
Kof’ got his balls back!
What do you want, man?
No, what the fuck? It’s my friend too! Stunna approaches Jimmie; eyes angry. Jimmie tenses up, protectively. Stunna wraps Jimmie into a hug so hard the flower bag falls out of Jimmie's hand. Jimmie stares off, expressionless. 70
Could you stay and watch the shit? Jimmie drops his board and skates off like a cowboy. Montgomery turns to the orphaned property. He leans down to right a lamp and notices a tossed pamphlet. He picks it up and inspects it. His brow furrows. 74
What are you talking about? 1857. Architect's Gil-hoo-ley- some shit. All oxygen leaves Montgomery's lungs.
Oh shit. You're writing?! Mont turns to see Jimmie in his doorway. Mont nods solemnly.
Fuck yeah. Get it bra! Jimmie exits. Montgomery turns back to his opus. A soulful voice begins singing Scott McKenzie’s “If You’re Going to San Francisco.”
Shit. Hella fucking early. Jimmie carries us down the stairs towards the front door. The house looks better than it ever has, in near museum condition.
You gone really let some ol’ other ass nigga tell you what’s true? C’mon Jayboe, get your spine up, son. Have some pride. James Sr. smiles. Jimmie doesn't. Jimmie finally turns to him. He looks him in the eyes, searching.
Well I love you and I’m not. You my little, bold, bad-ass, beautiful nephew, man. They hug.
That guy has been stoned since the third grade.
It was so bitchin', mon. Everybody is talking about it.
See that moustache coming in, Rat?
What do you mean -- wuss? This girl is my exact type. It's her. Definitely her.
Damone, you gotta listen to me.
That's the idea, Rat. That's The Attitude.
Shit, he's my man. He knows where to come for tickets.
I hope you had a hell of a piss, Arnold.
The driver here has had jus' two drinks. Two drinks at the home of a frien'.
And that is how you talk to a girl, Rat. Voila. You can't miss.
Suzanne Somers' tits.
My brother is gonna shit.
Wouldn't penis and balls be the same category?
Bitchin'.
Hey! Knock this crap off!!
Bitchin'.
Yeah, man, all the little punks from junior high have taken over the place.
She wants it, Rat.
Mon dieu ... Those fellows work hard to get to Hell.
No. They said you were great with horseshoes, but shite with armor. The fact you were a woman wasn't mentioned. She does a not so slow burn. As she steps over, grabs the breastplate from Roland's hands: CUT TO:
Kick me, fong me, I won't do it.
It• 111alright, my 1111u'l., all haw to eat. S.foriil I got ru:iokil!ld with these guyiil I waiil a low budget prooiot:er. Now I'm the bigge111t blaclt l!lllm&ger in th• world. You think I like rap. Shit, no. But -COT TO:
ju&t the girl
SISSY
SISSY
White.
grabbed their balls on stage.
Whitey, cut that off!
You buggin'
Cut that EX'l't
On the J:MrquN ill the an.'lounc-nt
SISSY.
Who you talkin'
This seelNI like a waste ot ti.me.
whiteatone. SIMON.
for thA. WHITE
I understand you, like 110 many black 11nt11rtain11r11, had to struggle again11t poverty until J/CU could make l!IOney ent4!1rtaining we fortunate residents o! white neighborhoods.
Gettin' there.
That's not true! . I bust my ass to get a pa.rt right!
Yes, but you bust everyone else.' s ass too. A guy's got four weeks tr. put on a play -- he doesn't warn'. to argue about whether Tolstoy can walk if he's dying.
A wimp?
Look at it from my sioe. If a woman wants me to seduce her, I usually do. Then she acts like I've promised her something. So I act like I've promised her- something. In the end, .! 'm the one who's exploited.
She's sound asleep. Julie goes to the sofa and sits cown. Dorothy looks at her for a moment, then heads tcwarc her, stopping at the coffee table.
Julie thinks you're gay, MICHAEL
George, I've got to go back to my life. You got wal.1-towall lawyers in your of=ice; there's gotta be some way to get me off the shew!
Wait a minute -- lesbian? I thought you just said gay.
Dorothy is not a lesbian!!
-- but on her terms -- as a woman -- ancijust as proud to be a woman as she ever was.
Well, :t' ll be damned! Cut!!
You bastard!Hey, I got it all right here, my man. Jus be waitin on you.
This early bird shit just ain't my style.
They got a hardass for a boss. Like us.
This one's got some balls, huh?
Look, it's no big thing, Kid. A friggin' dog and pony show. Some dumb ass questions by dumb ass bureaucrats. "When's the last time you were at the range?" Crap like that.
You know that, Efren. When your big bad brother Luis gets the word, your ass is freeze dried and fried.
We're jerking off here.
Let's cut the shit, Cusack.
Shut-up, Cragie.
You're going to have me back on a beat busting perverts in the park.
Does the Pope shit in the woods? Is a bear Catholic?
Later, fellas.
You're looking at the perfect cop. The damn thing follows orders.
He's burnt, Brennan, and you know it. He was a good cop, but he ain't now.
Let her go, pooch.
Shut up over there.
You were a good cop for a lot of years. You've passed your limit now Cragie.
Giving liquor to a minor, Pirelli?
Officer Cragie has already been sworn.
Cragie's in my unit, yes.
Seems to me the man's got his tongue stuck to his asshole, Cragie.
Hey, you ain't got no business back there.
BUT IT IS! Unhand my Carissimo, you carousing...
Uggh.
--asshole. 23
That is one cool motherfucker.
She ain't going anyw~ere alone.
What'd I tell you boys? America always sorts its shit out. Michael is watching CJ, not the television. 34
Look at him. Poor bastard.
He can't hear you man.
Don't worry baby, it's coming back. This guy doesn't know shit.
Shit, Gina, that's really helpful ...
You're the trainee man, and shit rolls downhill.
If you two fellas are done blowing each other, maybe you can tell us the deal here. Michael gives Steve Markus a look.
Got him! Damn he's good. That guy barely even looked like him.
Rosie O'donnel, tell him to get Rosie. Too easy.
You scared the shit out of me! TERRY
Oh shit, here it comes. MICHAEL
Well, I have a good idea. While we're at it, why don't we stop off at the marina and hop on my boat for a little pleasure cruise you jackasses.
Excuse me, not to shit on anyone's riff here, but let me just see if I ... grasp the concept, okay?
--this asshole's boat, and then
Nice to see you busting your ass. He looks at her.
We're done with that already, bonehead.
Dildoes.
Deranged.
Demented.
Samoan tatau, outta Auckland.
You got some serious balls.
My first studio. Apple of my eye. This little fucker steals a design off my wall. Embarrassed silence. Jake returns Crash’s gaze, clearly guilty of this offence.
Was the old Jake that much of an asshole?
You came all the way to Otara to apologise? Those suckers must pay you heaps.
I’m getting this for her. Eh, pumpkin? Got a thing about tattooed fellas. Graham!
Joe, don’t be a dick. Joe holds Jake’s gaze for a moment, then nods. The cousins head back to their beers. Sina glares at Jake, hostile ... then softens.
My uncle was a tufuga back in the day. Ali was his apprentice.
Alipati tells me you’ve come to Auckland to be a tufuga. Jake listens respectfully to Mr Va’a.
The tufuga decides. CUT TO:
Shit, are you okay?
You are not my Aiga.
He said he go to the tufuga, for the pe’a. But the tufuga never saw him on that day.
I wear the pe’a boy. One little prick ain’t gonna hurt me.You don't speak Farsi, do you, you son of a goat? MSA screams again, tightening his finger on the trigger, then he backs out the door, never losing aim on Bob.
His sister has a big ass.
There is no way a company like Killeen pulled off a deal like this without paying somebody off. Bennett shrugs. Looks at the Assts. They don't smile.
I like consulting. No, I love it. Love it. And I'll say this for it, private business is efficient. There I said it. Fucking cliche. And the CIA is like what, a thirty billion a year business. so anybody wants to sell anything, a pencil, a computer, they gotta interface through a security clearance -- don't give me shit -- I got two kids in college and we're doing our kitchen.
France and Russia want it to be a pond, that's for damn sure. The Caspian, I mean. In some court somewhere right now.
Fuck Connex. Fucking slant- drillers. Don't know why I ever sold 'em my company in the first place. Here, take your pick. He hands Bennett a thick catalogue. ANGLE ON CATALOGUE: Pages of animals you can shoot with pictures and description. ADDAX -- "this large African antelope is white with a gray masked face. It's horns corkscrew up making multiple twists in both sexes. Large males can weigh 275 lbs. Both males and females make handsome trophies.
He's got 52 inch horns. Maybe 54. The Kudu looks at Bennett. An uncomfortable beat --
My granddaddy was a wildcatter. Same with my daddy. That's how I got my start. Luck and hard work. Nobody handed me shit. Now, I got libraries and parks named after me. And I'll probably ruin the grand-kids. You wearing a wire, Bennett?
It was Trollope, honey.
Somebody tell me what the hell is going on.You -- you!  Hang you for a meddling brat, your hand is in everybody's pie.  What business had you to come brawling and quarreling here, with a gentleman who has fifteen hundred a-year?
You fool!  You great blundering marplot -- you silly beggarly brat --
Sure, you might have kept him off with your blunderbush!
You great scoundrel!  You mutinous dog!  What do you mean by dressing yourself in my regimentals?  As sure as my name's Lakenham, when we get back to the regiment, I'll have your soul cut out of your body.
Black-eyed Sczortarska.
Papa, please don't flog Brookside today.  It wasn't his fault -- really is wasn't.
Depend on it, artful hussy has some other scheme in her head now.
Let the scoundrel come!  You -- you cowardly braggart, come first, if you have the soul of a man!I don’t know why the hell it keeps dripping. All night long, drip, drip. I’ve had the fucking thing repaired ten times.
Yeah, only keep your thumb off the line, ‘cause if you get a strike it's gonna slice it right open. And you know what happens then. What?
He’s all right. You know? He’s doin’ all right.
You can’t stop me talkin’ to her.
Hey fellas.
I'm absolutely bushed.
I'm gonna be a fag.
A big fag...
Honey, I'm gay!
Three meals a day. Not so bad. Just make sure if you make enemies with someone, he doesn't work here. Otherwise you'll wake up one morning shitting blood and find out you've been eating ground glass in your cornbread for six weeks.
Honey, you're queer- it comes with the package.
Eudora owns a little building in Montrose and she's having a hell of time with the builder. He sounds like a real asshole.
Oh he was such an asshole.
A spaceman, huh? How do you crap up there?
Ass gasket.
You're a homosexual.
You know, you can tell them.    They can't fire you for being gay.
Why the hell not?
It's about damn time!
When you're right you're right Cleavon...
Gotta piss, Jude.
Never pissed holding a girl's hand, Jude.
Well, in Antigua cricket's the black man's game. The kids play it from the age of two. My daddy had me throwing googlies from the age of five. Then we moved to Tottenham and it was something different.
So when you come to shoot me, Paddy, remember, you're getting rid of a shit-hot bowler.
But you fellas never get a break, do you?
Got the money, Dil?
Piss off, Dave!
You're not having me on, are you? 'Cause Dil can't stand that.
Stop it, Dil --
Tell him to stop messing Dil around--
You're something else, Dil, you know that?
Thing is, Dil, you're not a girl.
Saw it, Dil.
You do something for me, Dil?
Want to change you to a man, Dil...
You killed my Jody
Stop it, Dil--
You've got to go now, Dil--
He’s white Norwegian.
Your brother's fnside.
driver h~lp an old lady with her packages. Well actuaily it wasn ,:t ·an old ·lady, it was more fike a ·yciung, teenage ... • hooker, .buf he 'df-d - get out and help her with rrer packages.
give a fuck how .fast she skates! Intercom
rhe
shaking their heads.
is .pregnant.with James. She lies on the couch, ·chain-.smoking .Chesterfield's .and frowning over her cross-word puz.zle magazine.
That Tina I must have been nuts. was a little minx.
You can't do that. That's impossible. These guys gotta double-jointed.
age
Now, Dick, you know your fine wines -- your Great Westerns, your Lancers, your Mateus. But for my money, you can't buy nothin' better than -Ah,
You know these people using you.
Now be off with you or you'll feel my stick across your back! WE TRACK Marlon Brando as Scrooge as cobblestorre street, waving his cane, STREET URCHINS who beg for handouts. narrates.
harassed by these damned sea urchins? Marlon,
... That's street urchins, urchins.
Away in a Manger. He groggily
a gay feast!
I'm not going to hurt need your help. It's Dick.
that a man. Strong, silent type. Chicks love it.
you, get over
Hold it a minute. I have to take a piss. All that tea.
Will you put that damned thing away.
Sonofabitch!! Deke looks up to see SAL RIZOLI approaching. smiles, offers his hand. Hey, Sal. around?
You still hanging
Nuthin’ personal. Deke busts everybody’s balls.
Listen to Mick, okay? You can’t always get what you want, but sometimes you get what you need. They share a look.
You look like hell, Joe.
Gladys Fulcher. A spinster. Ugly as homemade soap. She's kinda the eyes and ears of this neighborhood. A pain in the ass to the local cops, but a godsend to a detective.
Well, tow that sucker in. 151
mobster.
and is trying assigbment. KATE
-- What the hell's
slo~ly
them hell in Korea
The hell you didn't. This cop pushed hard, but you could've walked. Let me tell you something, Rambo, you die everything you could to make this private war happen. Well now you've done enough damage. It's over. Do you understand? He walks
Ex-hooker from the S-Nine pleasure district. Quit working after she got sliced up by a pimp. But she got her own back. Block legend says she feminized the guy with her teeth. Then took over his business interests, and never looked back. The PARAMEDIC sucks
Appreciate that, Sector. saved my ass over here.
man she executed
know what shit this is, but I'd -
Muggers, protection Thoz and El, we're
you, Dredd.
Five foot
I don't want to be the guy who took something legendary and shit the bed with it. Excuse the expression.
Then be the guy who didn't shit the bed, excuse the expression. The guy who...cleaned the bed? Stripped the bed? The guy who made the bed legendary again. He looks out the window.
You're not going to shit the bed, Dylan. I won't let you.
Every place is lonely sometimes. Just then one of the dancers leapfrogs Dylan, scaring the shit out of him. Dancers are now all around them. They try to make their way out of the flashmob, ducking dancers legs, arms, and bodies. Dylan looks at Jamie for a beat. I'm in.
It's just a game. You shake hands and get on with your shit. She finishes her beer and gets up. Dylan watches her walk out of the room, noticing for the first time she's wearing a T-shirt without a bra. She returns with two bottles of beer.
gay.
Your ass is a little boney.
No! Too easy. Go with A-Rod. He's philanthropic, transcendent of sport, and has an ass like a boulder. They could use it to make diamonds.
Wow. We both have super queer tattoos. They go at it as they talk-DYLAN You sure about this? Are you? No. Me neither.
Yup. No bullshit. Watch.
I said you were my gay best friend. He wants to set you up with his brother.
This is the LAPD! You are trespassing. Get down from the sign. I told you.
That's one thing this is teaching me -which I wish I knew back then. Life is so goddamn short. And you can't waste a minute of it. Dylan puts two and two together.
We're eating at a goddamn airport. I can let the steak go.
That was super queer. Oh, I know.
No way, that sucks.
Yo, sluts.
Yo, bitches.
Oh shit, be careful with that thing. Is it loaded?
Eleven my ass.
Your butt looks awesome.
Calm the fuck down, they can't tell who it is.
Why's this crap always happen at the end of the season?
Brooklyn. And unless your wrinkled ass has a heart attack on my plane, I think we'll be all right.
Damn --
Ah Christ -- he's a sticker.
Shit -- we've got to move up the evac.
Where the hell have you been?
Well, you're not, you little fiend! You're just plain vicious!
Guns are dangerous things, Gogarty. I shouldn't fool around with that one too much, if I were you. You might shoot somebody.
The poor li'l Baby. Did they lock him all up? Nassy ol' mans. Well, we'll fix that.
Obviously, my good man, what you're looking for is a loon.
Stop it, you numbskulls! Take your hands off that man! This is the most outrageous thing I ever heard of!
Sure! What do you think? Where my guy goes, I go, I mean I did, before he crossed me. He'd, ‘a’ killed me if I hadn't. That woman who calls herself Random is the brains of our mob. She picks out soft spots and gives us our orders. Applegate's the finger. The drunk steals the cars.
Throw it with your arm, you lazy weirdo! Hahaha.
Uh, fellas, that was an accident.
That ball of fluff’s gotta a screw loose. Let’s skedaddle.
Look, fellas, this is not what this looks like--supporting that gang of loafers! There's not one of them that cares a damn for you.  A wife who threw you out the first time your foot slipped.  They wouldn't raise a hand to help you.  And I've given my whole life for you.  If you kicked off tomorrow, where'd I be? Out in the gutter!
How'yer, Studsy.
Like to buy a piece of this pug, Nick? I'll sell you twenty-five percent of him for five grand.
Don't be a dope.  Have a drink?
You darn fool -- you didn't have to knock me out.  I knew you'd take him, but I wanted to see you do it!
That little rat Nunheim --
You talk as if I were Asta.
Cut it out.  We didn't come here to watch you two rough-house.
She drives me nuts.  She's been ragging me all day.
I don't know...  This thing has got my goat. I've got to find out.
No no. Girls are like that when they're way into you.
Fag!
Please. It's very bad ass. All that ritualistic scarring.
Oh! You're the assaholic! 50.
You watch your mouth!
Don't freaking bogart that joint, Diane.
Piece of ass?
Get out of here Tyler.
White girl.
Eskimo.
Look, I'm a prick.
Who's being a chicken shit?
Jesus.  You guys are so insensitive.
Trevor was the son of the meanest camp director that Placid Pines has ever seen.  He had this habit of ratting on the counselors to his old man.  Well, one year...several of the counselors got this half-assed plan to get back at them.  But things got out of control, and before they knew it, Trevor was at the bottom of a ravine half dead with his face eaten by hungry birds.
Smart ass.
Bloody Murder.
Damn.
Sybok, you must surrender.
You stay out of this!
You lie!Okay, Smokey, did you just touch my sister's ass? Spaetzle edges warily away as fast as he can. Stranz puts his arm protectively around Fairchild. A FLOOR MANAGER wearing a head set strides up.
I heard. Screw that prick. It's like Kim always says, "If you're still losing sleep over him, he still owns you." Jimmy smiles, a little surprised.
I'm not gay. Jimmy and Chazz crack their knuckles menacingly.
Chazz, goddamnit, don't you-But Chazz is already doing a handstand of his own. CHAZZ
You wanna see the definition of rock hard glutes? Chazz puts the ice cube behind his back, clenches his ass cheeks and crushes the cube.
Because you'd need a block and tackle to lift Chazz's fat ass. Chazz, you're on a diet, starting now. Coach storms off. Now it's Chazz's turn to be bummed. guys get up and start off the ice.
STOP! Okay, you two little whiny shits are going to start learning about communication, compassion, and ... Kim, honey, what's the other "C"?
That's right. You don't know crap! Do you have any idea how figure skating got started? People literally carved figures in the ice with their skates. So if Kim tells you to picture a butterfly in your head, you picture a goddamned butterfly.
Dude, if you're going to keep missing the catch, I wish you'd miss a little higher than my nutsack.
No way. My balls have been through worse. Believe me, they'll rally.
I think you mean "butt", Coach. in the butt.
Jimmy gets right back in Chazz's face.
Why don't we do a whole Jimmy Macelroy routine? I've got it memorized because you never change a damn thing in it. Chazz starts doing a mincing parody of Jimmy's style.
Goddamn keys ... C'mon, focus.
Look, when you skated singles you could pull this shit and the only one you hurt was yourself. But you're part of a team now . Hear me?
Gentlemen, this is our last practice before Saskatchewan and we've got a shitload of work to do. From the top!
You know when I first started skating the circuit, I thought you were the coolest thing on ice. The way you kicked ass and never took any crap from anybody.
I like big butts ...
If you say "bailiwick" again I will scream until your eardrums explode.
Whoa, whoa, whoa -- so where the hell Chazz?
No. I don't buy it. Chazz is a lot of things but he's not a pussy. A little name calling wouldn't keep him from trying for the gold.
What are you going to do, Lewis, put on a show for the hobos and hookers under the bridge? But Chazz just shoots Stranz a bird and skates off down the river. Stranz looks off in the direction Chazz is skating. He sees the dome of the skating arena in the distance.
Yes, you can. I've never said this to anyone but myself -- you're the shit. All you have to do is forget about all that focusing crap and skate. Skate like that first day I saw you on the lake.
If your commanders knew you were saying this to me --NATE Yeah, I'd be shit-canned for sure. But I don't want you to end up being burned alive like Penkovsky. I won't ---
You've got too much left tit.
The average survival rate for our agents here in Moscow is 11 months. Marble's been out in the wilderness giving us everything for 16 years. And you guys treat him like a fucking dixie cup!?
This upstart, Egorov, who is he?
You still love scaring the shit out them, don't you?
Jesus. City's like a oven. Had no idea Athens got so fuckin' hot --Nate peeks over Luka's shoulder, sees he's sketching the face of a stunning brunette. Luka ignores him. Looking across the street, Nate sees the brunette, ALEXA, on her building's steps gossiping with her college friends ZOE and THYIA, all free love flower girls.
What? The guy tossed you on your ass, I was just trying to help.
No, I'm not gonna risking it -- you have the perfect setup. You go away to this hippie island.
Luka, please, I'm trying to save your life. You gotta trust me. Travel around, experience some shit. By winter this will all have blown over.
I feel sorry for people who never go crazy -- Screws fall out all the time. We're all fucked up inside --that's what makes us us. Dom looks at Nate with soul-stirred awe.
36 years we've known each other, fought together, bled together. If you suspect that I am a traitor, then have the guts to say it to my face, instead of conspiring with those cockroaches from the Center.
You gotta be shitting me. Christos SMASHES Nate in the mouth, grabs Nate by the shirt --CHRISTOS Luka went away with you and never came back. What did you do to him? Nate can't help but laugh.
Yuri fucking Petrov!!! Right now!!! FEW MINUTES LATER: Gable pacing. The burly, bespectacled KGB REZIDENT, YURI PETROV approaches Gable, concerned.
The fuck, Sy!? She can't --BENFORD We can't stop her --- but, we think we've worked out a move that can get her back safe and in the clear --Benford stops... Not wanting to continue, he looks to Forsyth.
We're making a big deal out of this. The rest of the world's gonna think we got our asses outplayed by their top female ops officer.
That's because this all rates an eleven on the bullshit meter!  I don't know why we have to listen to this crap.  You're scaring the hell out of Wes here.
Time to blow this joint.
You'll never get me, coppers!
Alright...just who the hell are you guys?
We try and save this guy's ass and then he goes off and cops an attitude.
It's not shit.
Aw, man...
You better watch your mouth, pal.
Will you two stop it!  You're scaring the shit out of me.
Aw, come on.  I'm really a nice guy.  You know what they say.  Inside every fat person...
Hey, Mr. Creepoid, you still up?
Hey!  He's over here.  Yo!  Dream Police. Hello!  Come on.  Move you collective asses.
Jacob!  You scared the shit out of me!
What happened to your crap-mobile?
Shit man, she’s pretty damn lucky!
There was this time--I think I was 16-that I got asked to one of those Sadie Hawkins dances by this girl I didn't really know, but I said yes because, you know, I didn't want to be a dick. Technically, the girl is supposed to pick you up, but she didn't have a car and she lived like a thousand miles outside of town, so I drove out to get her. The first thing I do when I get there is lock my keys in the car. As if that's not enough, the motor's running, her parents have left for the evening, and my Dad's not home, so we're just stuck there. At first it's unbelievably awkward, but every time we look at the car we justDan-ny! Don’t be a pussy, Danny! Destiny leads the shyest guy by the hand to the PRIVATE AREA.
But you gotta slow that shit down. Diamond sits on Ramona and shows Destiny how it’s done.
I made more money that year than a goddamn brain surgeon. And sure, some days sucked, like any other job. But other days... INT. ESCALADE - DAY
Then why would I give a shit? He gets back to his sandwich.
You probably don't remember her, but Louise Bonner lives right over there in number 29. When she isn't drunk she runs a damn good acting class.
Git along little dowgie and call me back.
Whatever.
You're an understandin' fella.
He's only a prick if you catch him on the wrong day.
Naah, bullshit me, Max.
I made thirty pictures. Half of them the pricks upstairs tried to shut me down. Mendez finishes packing, zips up the bag.
My ass is staying right here and running a movie company. Mendez stops zipping as Siegel takes a bottle of Jack and three shot glasses from a drawer.
I saw it in Burma. They get people out. They know how.
Snitches in banana republics. They get them over the border after the coup...
The DRIVER puts the bus into gear. It dsn't go. He shakes his head. This goddamn thing. Shifts gears again. Now it gs.
I hear this Michael fellow is schizophrenic.
You, too. Kick ass today.
I'll never Mget the hang of this.
Tried to poison me the dirty Cossack...
Shut up Archy,...
Because those fat, sad, old men like it when you swear at them. They shake like cocktails and sweat like semtex when you raise that posh little voice. You my love are a rare commodity.
You know the lady, the posh one who likes abitta the rough life?
My hat is deep and full of magic. I got rabbits, handkerchiefs, and ladies of the pole drinking Black Label. I got smoke machines, bubble machines, I even got love marines and still the hat goes deeper, but....there ain't no mother fuckin dry ice.
I gotta run, can't stay here chewing the fat all day, a mans got to make a living. Call me in the 'morrow.
Yeah, it looks like a heap of shit, but it can't half go.
He can't half run for a white fella.
Get an eye full of that stripe gentlemen.
Silly bastards.
He won't die that cockroach.
Come on boy, I'll have you and ya girlfriends! I'll do the lot of yazz.
You have all the facial characteristics of North American native, Livapuddlian Indian.
They call this a lichee don't they?
No, you didn't did you? And nobody else fuckin did either, did they 'cos he ain't dead. He's alive-alive- o somewhere selling cockles and mussels,...and a very important painting that doesn't belong to him.
Shut up Arch!
Oi One Two, I am going to make a killing out of this lot, they've definitely got more money than brains.
I need to speak to you Uri.
You know 'em and you don't like 'em either.
Watch your mouth John.
Shut it, otherwise you will get hurt.
I don'-.t ;smcke.
He goes down to his knees, tries to raise his grin for one last shot. A Puerto Rican grins and putting his gun. an inch from Neri's face, pulls thetrigger.
In view of the fact that we're getting our butts kicked rosey all over the world, it might behoove us to take a lesson from the IRA and the PLO.
Doctor Barcenas is getting an assaS,ilt team together.
Then why do I feel these chilly winds nipping at my ass?
With all due respect, that's bull- shit.. The man's obviously inccm- petent or the car wcu: d have been
Because one day a Sicilian pimp and dope peddlar named Virgil Solla2 O tried to assassinate my father -- your grandfather -- and I had to do something about it.
go through, but it was a snafu -- a Yeoman's mistake, that's all.
And these delusionals are the White Rastae.
As opposed to a bitter self-righteous hag who has no friends?
He always have that shit-eating grin?
Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class.  And a model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out.
You need money to take a girl out
Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass.
Assail your ears for one night.
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?
Who knocked up your sister?
Lookin' fresh tonight, Pussy-Kat
Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.
Jesus.  You're like a weeble
But it's Gigglepuss - I know you like them.  I saw you there.
So what ' s up with your dad?  He a pain in the ass?
You know -- you're not as vile as I thought you were.
You get the girl.
Flog me.
The part where Bianca beat the hell out of some guy.
Skindogs.
You saved my ass. Thanks.
Bullshit.    Machines don't drink.
Arthur, where the hell are the personality circuits on these G-Two fembots?
G-2! Where'd you get a government fembot?
We’ve got five hundred. C’mon all you people out there. Only five hundred for this wonderful sample of a fembot?
If we don't both walk out of here in the next few seconds my ship is programmed to blow the crap out of this tent.
Where the hell did he come from?
Dusted the little bugger.
Oh, dear! What have you done to me? I'm naked! Put my ship back on, you perverted fembot.
Please don't say "fuck," Curtis.
Yeah, I think this whole class should apologize to Angie, because all she did was express her opinion about what her relatives in Syria think about the fact that we bombed the shit out of a practically medieval culture --
You better close that door now, Lionel. Lionel closes the door.
thinking...This is gonna sound really queer, but...by any chance would you want to meet somewhere and like, take away my virginity?
Now I know there's been a lot of shit going on between a lot of the people in this room..But I wanna tell you something: You've worked too fucking hard for this show to be derailed now by the kind of bullshit I know has been going on around here. Now, I'll bet you there's not one person working on this show who hasn't got somebody they want to say something to, including me. So I'm gonna start. Matthew?
Can I just say, I think this show is like two and a half seconds away from being fucking amazing, and if we could all just work together, instead of being AT each other all the time, I think we could all just be incredible. Everyone applauds, except ANGIE, who raises her hand.
Oh shut up.
Yeah, not to white people.
Because Surprise Surprise his brother-in- law is a very big muckety-muck in the Transit Workers Union --
Sure. I know a guy who's very good. His name is Russel Deutsch. He's not a sleazebag. Very experienced. Let me give you his number...
You seem pretty fuckin' rational to me. Like that seems to be your leading feature. I mean you obviously have a lot of pretty deep feelings...So when you're rational - just to finish my thought -- it's like this really interesting way of governing yourself.
Get the hell out! Charlie! Swim!
Tell that stinkpotter to belay!
Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't the time or the place to do some kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish. Ben...
Keep your hands off my stuff.
This is the last time I hear from you. I don't want anyone with piss for blood on my vessel. Put that blackfish on board, pump the bilges, and top off the fuel tanks, and finish up in the morning. Then you're on the beach.
Hello, Junior. What are you? Some kind of half-assed astronaut?
Now hear this. You're aboard the fishing vessel 'Orca,' and I'm her Captain, Master, Mate, and Owner. You'll jump when I holler. We're doin' a job here, and Christ, I ain't got time to watch you birds get hooks in your ass and fall overboard. Ship with me, and you'll do all right. Cross me, and I'll slap you upside your heads. Now -- if you boys are ready -- let's go fishin'.
Where the hell is he going?
Get up there and steer her. Follow my hand, and hold 'er steady. I've got to get a clean shot at that porker's head.
That's not so bad. Look at this: ...St. Paddy's Day in Knocko Nolans, in Boston, where some sunovabitch winged me upside the head with a spittoon.
Wait a minute, young fella. Look. Just look. Don't touch...
...Mako. Fell out of the tail rope and onto the deck. You don't get bitten by one of those bastards but twice -- your first and your last.
Let’s just hope Clay can put this bloke out of his misery soon.
You need to get on outta there before you get yourself killed!
You watch wrasslin’?
Well, sorta. Wrasslin’s kinda complicated.
Well, maybe you fellas just like going around with targets on your backs.
Damn, Sonny, you gettin’ uglier? Cassius shoves Liston backwards, delivering a quick jab as he does.
He lookin’ bad over there. You got him.
Me and my fast-ass cars. Heh heh.
You know Sonny a damn heathen. And what do they always say, Malcolm? The penalty one pays for avoiding the path of righteousness is walking whatever other path they choose...alone. Malcolm beams as he nods his head in agreement. Yes, yes!
Fellas, I’m just saying, why don’t we at least go someplace hoppin’? Fellas, the entire city of Miami is celebrating Cassius’ win!
Now wait a second. You ain’t about to say what I think you’re gonna say?
We can’t all just go out and declare the white man the devil!
I’ve already seen it, Jimmy! Those pictures I took of you going to practice, looking sharp as a razor? The spittin’ image, Cash, of a powerful, black Muslim warrior!
What’s wrong, brother? Ain’t your shit safe here in the black community? Jamaal stays at his post at the door, smiling at Sam. Sam closes the curtain so no one can see inside. Kareem and Malcolm walk towards the stairs.
I prefer privacy when I speak to my wife, and I’d rather not send all of the fellas out. Jerome and Kareem look at one another. Malcolm walks off.
Don’t drink all my shit. Cassius tosses the flask to Jim, who opens it and take a nice, long swig. CUT TO: EXT. HAMPTON HOUSE - TELEPHONE BOOTH Malcolm holds the telephone receiver up to his ear. Attalah? Hi, daddy.
We’re all just gladiators, Cash, with our ruler sittin’ up there, in his box, givin’ us the thumbs up or the thumbs down. Well I don’t want no damn ruler. Shit, there’s only so much running one man can do, anyway.
Hey. Remember, man. Just don’t say anything about the movie shit.
What are you talking about, man?
Holy shit, you are?
You sound like you might be gettin’ a bit seduced out there, brother.
Come on, man. Rep don’t carry over from decade to decade! That tiredass 1940's slang you usin'.
Count me in! I mean, fine African sistas? Come on Jim, I know you’re down with that.
Then strike with the weapon that you have, man! Your voice! Black people... we’re standing up, we’re speaking out. You have possibly one of the most effective outlets of us all, and you’re not using it to help the cause.
Malcolm. Would you please have some damn ice cream?!
Just hold on one second. The Beatles. They’re funny, but they ain’t no Sam Cooke. They’re more of a fad.
Exactly. So, Bobby’s like, “no damn way, man. That’s our song!” But I get the final say, and I’m looking at the big picture. And I give the Rolling Stones permission to record it. You did?!
You know, I always find it kinda funny how you light-skinned cats end up being so damn militant.
Then the key is economic freedom. And no one’s more economically free than Sam. Shit, technically he’s the only one of us not waiting on a paycheck from a white man.
The one thing white folks are masters at is tapping into our passion to the point that we forget about the important stuff.
Malcolm’ll have them calling you Champ X like a damn fool.
...I want to damn party. Cassius smiles and rolls his eyes.
Fellas? Y’all ready? Jim and Cassius don’t move.
All of it. I can't be walkin' in no saloon. I can't be sittin' my ass on no chair, at no table. I can't be drinkin' no drink. And I definitely can't be sharin' no drink, with no white man, in public. Dr.SCHULTZ So if you and I did those things, that would be considered enough of a infraction to make the saloon keeper go get the sheriff?
You bet your sweet ass they get the sheriff. The good doctor extends his hand towards the saloon entrance. Dr.SCHULTZ Well in that case Django, after you.
Now why y'all wanna come into my town, start trouble, and scare all these nice people? You ain't got nothin' better to do, then to come into Bill Sharps town and show your ass - From his top step on the porch, Dr. King Schultz extends his hand toward the sheriff, as if to shake it... :.
Move that buckboard over there long ways across the street from the saloon. And I want six men and six Winchesters behind it. And I want two men with two rifles on this roof, and two men with two rifles on that roof, with all barrels pointed at that front door. And somebody git poor Bill outta the goddamn street.
A buncha white folks brought a buckboard around out front, now they hidin' behind it with guns. And a buncha other white folks are up on the roof, with rifles pointed down here. Dr.SCHULTZ Damn, they got that organized fast. Is the marshall out there?
I said niggers -
Not on my.property, around my niggers he can't. Dr.SCHULTZ My good sir, perhaps we got off on the wrong boot. Allow me to unring this bell. My name is Dr.King Schultz, this is my valet, Django, and these are our horses, Fritz, and Tony. Fritz, does his head bow. This makes the pretty PONY'S surrounding Bennett, giggle. Dr.SCHULTZ Mr. Bennett, I've been lead to believe you are a gentleman, and a business man. And it is in these capacities that we've ridden from Texas to Tennessee to talk with you now.
Absolutely. Betina! A pretty, fleshy, sweet jelled, twenty-two year old slave gal named BETINA, snaps to attention.
Goddamit, this is a raid! I can't see, you can't see, so what? All that matters is can the fuckin horse see! That's a raid. Spencer puts on his sack, everyone else, reluctantly, does as well.
What'd ya mean partner up? Dr.SCHULTZ You be my deputy, for real this time. A lot of the big money is in outlaw gangs. Some of these fellas are worth fifteen hundred or three thousand a piece. With one man, anything over three men is a risk. But with a partner? Creating cross fire? It's fish in a. barrel. A lot of these gangs hold up in the'hills for the winter.
Doctor and Django, how the hell are ya, and who the hell ya got there? Dr.SCHULTZ The Wilson - Lowe Gang.
Django and his friend in grey, Dr.Schultz are customers, and they are our guests Stephen. And you - you old decrepit bastard... .are to show them every hospitality. Do you understand that?
You know since I started fightin' niggers about eleven years ago, it's been a new lease on'life. And the man ridin' up here now is the man responsible for all my success. Ace and his boys pull their horses up, kicking up dust. Through the dust Ace, Brown, and Jingle Bells Cody eyeball Django and Schultz.
I already wired the LeQuint Dickey people, they'll be here tomorrow. Ace turns to Brown.
His prospects? Now you know Mr..Moguy, I ain't a educated fella like yourself. Remind me again what prospects means?
Wup'ed his ass?
Lucky for her they were busy lookin' for D'Artagnan's ass. Brown and Cody went out lookin' for her and found her. She a little beat up, but she did that to herself. Runnin' through them damn bushes. Django's hand moves away from his gun.
Oh nuttin'.
That'd be a hellva note, wouldn't it Lara Lee?
Never the less, here in Chickasaw County a deal ain't done till the two parties have shook hands. Even after all this paper signin', don't mean shit you don't shake my hand. Dr.SCHULTZ If I don't shake your hand, you're gonna throw away twelve thousand dollars...?
I don't know 'bout no girl.
Git on outta here, boy!
You know Blackie, here at Candyland, I had me a real sweet deal. These last eleven years training Calvin's mandingos I made me more money I made my whole goddamn life. And no end in sight, neither.
You won't be doin' much smokin' mate.
Whoa whoa whoa, you can't put me in there with them. They'll kill me. What about all that -turning big rocks into little rocks- shit y'all was. talkin' about? I mean that was the idea ain't it? You put me in there with them big ass garboons they kill me on the way. I mean if that's the idea, that's the idea, but I didn't think that was the idea. Ace knows he's right, so he turns to Roy and Floyd.
Well we do! He killed the fuckin Boss Man, we want the mine to grind him to gravel!
LeQuint Dickey?
Look black, it don't work like that. Dickey paid for our passage from Australia to here. We get a little money to send back home, and pay him back for the boat trip.
Who the fuck is Smitty Bacall?
I ain't no goddamn slave. Do I sound-like a fuckin slave? I'm a bounty hunter. Yesterday as a free man, I rode into Candyland on a horse with my white German partner, Dr.King Schultz. We'd tracked The Bacall Gang from Texas all the way to Chickasaw County. Found them laying low at Candyland. We went in to get 'em, things went sour. My partner was killed, and Calvin Candie was shot. Everybody there decided to blame me, so here I am.
This white man, was the black his slave?
Goddamn Roy, this could be big.
You're all right for a black fella!
all on their ass in the grass, look up at Django with a mixture of Wonder, Fear, and Hate.
apart from the crowd, leaning against the prison wall. With him is JINX, 25, a bony little punk. Yates sees Thumper and Miguel pushing each other. He glances up at Winter's office. Go.
He get the Tutus
Private Niebolt. Niebolt
he scrags himself. Like Boorda.
What's he supposed to do, Lieutenant? He moved the whole goddamn pile!
You should go. But not because of the brutality you encourage. Not even because you have men killed. You should go because you are the very worst kind of officer. You're a disgrace to the uniform.
My recipe for shortbread. What the fuck do you think he wanted? He wanted me to join your band of merry men so I could tell him what you're up to.
Somethi"ng like that.
Oh, my God. Of course. You knew Wheeler wouldn't negotiate. You knew he'd want to take you out and you wanted it to go this way, instead of by force. That's why you picked me to be the messenger. You knew Wheeler would make me an offer. If you'd picked Cyrus ... Cyrus would've told Wheeler to go fuck himself. But me? You knew I'd go along. Didn't you.
Eh! Cheeky git.
Get off me Lennon!
Never knew you fucked monkeys, Marie. There's an immediate souring of the atmosphere. OLDER TEDS circle them. Then, the click of a FLICK-KNIFE. JOHN turns to see the KNIFE in the ROUGH LAD's hand
Only joking mate.
Just hold it smart arse. Like this. Arm, horizontal from the elbow, strum from the wrist, think Bo Diddley.
I take it we're not here for a communal crap.
But what if we're shit ?
Let's fuckin' do it then. JOHN lets THE QUARRYMEN file up onto the flat-bed lorry, which is serving as the stage. JOHN pats each member on the back in encouragement. 82
We shall fight them on the beaches, we shall fight them on the landing grounds, we shall fight those bastard Garston Teds on a Saturday night at Wilson Hall.
And my band, what can I say... You really are there for me; never on time; usually looking like a pile of shite, but nevertheless there or thereabouts. Laughs from his audience.
They got lynched?
You that nigger’s boy, alright. Cobb stands, still eyeing Nat. Bridget’s eyes flit just past Cobb’s boots. We follow her gaze to see a small WAX-SEALED GLASS JAR lies just several inches from his heel. Cobb uncurls a dirty index finger, points it to Nancy, then to Nat. As he leans in, his weight shifts on the wooden plank, the tin can slowly rolls towards his foot.
Nat don’t know nothing ‘bout no books. He just shiftless. Act like he ain’t got no sense half the time.
You gon’ start here and work your way down yonder.
I gotta say, Sam, your slaves sure do know how to behave. More impressed by ‘em ever’ time I make it ‘round.
You seen a nigger run by here?
Got one just back yonder. Swear I put one in the ‘nother.
I want the sheriff. This boy assaulted me! He assaulted my wife and I’m bringin’ charges.
I gotta make livin’ here gents. Dammit, a hundred? Seventy-five? A REDNECK 1 raises a hand. Sold!
Consider this comely wench! Not a day over eighteen! We’ll start her at one seventy-five. A REDNECK #2 tips his hat.
Gimmie Two-fifty! C’mon nah! A long beat. UntilSAMUEL TURNER The whole lot of ‘em looks busted from here. Sides, she look right young if you ask me. Angle on Redneck #3 who again raises his hand.
You right, suh. She young, but with the right teachin’, a wench like that could be working a long time. Nat steals a look to Samuel who squints toward the stage. The Slave Driver spins the Slave Woman in a circle, fondles her brest. She tenses.
Now is you fella’s seein’ what I’m seeing?! Take this one home, clean her up, won’t be long ‘fore you find yourself happier than a dog with three balls! A few chuckles in response. He spins her back forward.
You got two seventy-five for me? Redneck #2 mulls.
Two seventy-five! The auctioneer freezes. Nat’s eyes flit to Samuel in disbelief. Redneck #3 eyes Samuel hard.
I’m messin.
You need anything, or he ain’t treatin’ ya right, you let me know.
Now, I’m not vouching for the character of these fellas, what business they running or how, I’m just telling you there’s a opportunity here, one you got the means to capitalize on.
Day or so back, had a few quit on work if ya’ can believe it. Wouldn’t even come out the quarter. So I locked ‘em up, the lot of ‘em. Hoping the heat and hunger would bring about their senses. All that said, Abner here’s provin’ my only real protection.
Nottaway huh? ...Lotta Yankees makin’ their way down those parts. Come down here, rabble-rousin’, stirring shit on our way of life. A quiet standoff as Earl locks eyes with Samuel, until- An OVERSEER arrives on horseback, pulls Hank aside. ThenHANK FOWLER Earl, got a little problem. 69
If it ain’t the drought, it’s goddamn mutiny. Earl wipes his hands, regards Nat without missing a beat.
That’s fine. Ain’t got no quarrel with singin’. Long as it don’t interfere with they workin’.
You sassin’ me, girl? No suh.
Don’t you go down there stirrin’ up trouble? Take Jupiter, stay the night, get on back in the mornin’. Yes’suh.
They a lot of whites.
That’s right. We’ll start at Turner’s, then fight our way there. By then we’ll number in the hundreds- thousands even. The grapevine’s ablaze with talk of fightin’. Slaves just like us, all over, havin’ meetings. Waitin’ for somethin’. Waitin’ for us. The others don’t look so sure.
I be tightnin’ barrells, sealin’ cracks.
They been hanged... All of them. They killing people everywhere. For no reason at all, but being black. Say the killin’ won’t stop til they get you...When I married Myles, we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
out-of-towners.
Sorry about that shithead, okay? He's little
Stockholm
no-nonsense, white consultation speaks, she speaks with a French accent.
dirty
Certainment! No way is anybody gonna hurt my al' pal, Sal.
Beaumont looking toward his daughter in horror.
Oh, you devil, you.
I'm impressed, lady. You're harder to kill than a cockroach on steroids.
Dang, check out Slugzilla!
Don't waaaanno hurrrrrt you.
I’m the one not grinding up on you.
Sorry this asshole sprung us on you, last minute.
No, I was a 70s, bad ass cop.
It was clever as shit.
Huh. Not sure how I’m the dumbass in this scenario.
And that’s why I hate patterns. And that’s why you can’t buy into that shit. And that’s why you gotta go your own way. Owen smiles.
Where the hell have you been all night, young man!
What the hell, Pam...?! 107I like that Wookiee. I assume you need something. Desperately. Let's get to it.
You're such a dear child. How did you ever get mixed up with that roughneck? Leatherneck.
Bitch! They roll off to the floor. The grappling begins in halfearnest. Sally resists furiously, enjoys it but 1s on the verge of real pain and outrage. Bob, finding a release for his anger, struggles to contain Sally, stopping short of actually hurting her. The sexuality increases as the violence continues until Sally, exhausted and outmatched, surrenders to Bob. T"ne mock rape 1s over, they begin to ma.'<e love.
No shit -- that's spooky -- you're the hole in the doughnut. When the doughnut goes, there's no hole.
know it's going to be hard for you, but just remember, don't put up with any of their bullshit. Sally looks room.
sits with his dumr.,y, Superslope para and a ventriloquist, a grinning caricature of a Saigon street Arab.
Heahl You're killing me!
you guys would bitch
your ass, Martin!
Tomorrow 1s unknown, a day to live in a sunny dream .•• ••• Shit!
Okay, man ... I know it feels like shit ... You lose something you had, man .•• It feels like shit .••
not to These dudes are trained volunteer, Pat •••
Okay, Dewey, we're going to try and get you off your ass •••
Fuck it -- no personal calls tonight Virgil
say she had damn good taste
Luke is outside stude .nts.
The .bastards ••• Those lousy 'bastards •.. I suppose they played them for you? Bob nods. His knuckles are tight on the wheel as he races to pass a trio of bearded bikers. Sally waits till
I want some of that shit. EXT. THEATER - NIGHT
What the hell's a "Jewish"? DEWEY
Well, that is tempting ••• but you know what, Sam? I don't think I do want no part of that shit. I ain't gonna succumb to the temptations. He walks out, rounds a corner and comes face to face with---THE TEMPTATIONS, who practicing their perfect harmonies on "My Girl". Dewey stops in his tracks--Sorry. Suck it up.
I'm good. I've seen enough. I'm gonna tell Shifu he's got nothing to worry about.
Nuuu... Urggg...
Tigress, you gotta try this.
You are, Po.
But Shifu, he'll kill you.You!
I got your leg, I got your leg.
You got shrunk, tiny mouthwash!
Look at him, man, just look at him.
all I've got PEOOLER
He's the good guy, you schumcks.
You got no jurisdiction outside this property!
We got an international incident brewing, with a country we were practically at war with last year! Our best Negotiator is gonna run point. If you got a problem, you can take the goddamn rest of the day off.
My ass.
be part of the Summit any more than we want them to. They're mad as hell he even talked to the Chinese.
I'm a taxpayer! I'm a goddamn dentist!
Goddammit! He's in a blue Geo!
Same with his fingerprints. But that means we need high-quality image and data transmission. We can piss away ten minutes coptering this shit to our offices in Westwood, or we can use your surveillance equipment.
...So these crazy bastards wouldn't throw a premature shit hemorrhage, but he didn't want to call too soon, either. I say they're within 15 to 20 minutes, via surface streets, of where we last saw them.
That's the problem: we can't. We're the last superpower. Our hands are tied by politics, alliances, goddamn stacks of treaties... most we could do is give 'em a "measured response" back again, or everyone starts crying that we're the bullies.
Military. Cop, maybe. Shit, your average high-school student if they're so inclined. My guess is our perp used off-the-shelf equipment for everything except the C-4, and that's only slightly harder to get than crack or heroin, if you know who to ask.
Maybe they don't think we got the guts. Maybe they want a war, 'cause they think they can whip us, like what happened in 'Nam. Look who we're dealing with: a teetering, outlaw regime, and inside it, some wild-ass renegades working their screwy agenda!
Dude's off a lot.
Man's Canadian, dickweeds!
Paul Javal... hang on, we'll look it up... This an immigration thing? Shit, he's our best installer.
Whatta you got?
French by birth... looks like a total scumbag.
Raised in Quebec. Moved to Europe; served some short stretches, petty shit... arrested for kidnapping, no conviction. Did four years in France for blowing bank vaults. Moved to U.S. last year. Clean since then.
...The Strela-2 needs 45 meters to arm, so stay tight on his ass.
Wonder what ol’ Dunn’ll say when I tell him one of his gals over here stirrin’ trouble.
Man’s not coming for reiteration. Man’s looking for something so he can say, “Look! I told you I had a dream and now it’s all coming fucking true - whether you like it or gotdamn not!” That’s what he wants. But, what he needs to do is get on board with what we’re doing. Not the other way around. For once! He strides into the Oval Office from the residential entry to find his secretary.
Martin, I have to tell ya, I may be a tall sonofabitch, but this close to the new Nobel laureate I feel tits-high to a puppy dog!
We need to see what’s what first, Big Fella.
I tell ya, that white boy can hit.
Part of the White Citizens Council.
And they have something to say to each of us in their death. They say to us, black and white alike, that we must do this! We must substitute caution with courage. They say to us that we must work unrelentingly. They say it is unacceptable that more than 50% of Selma is Negro and less than 2% of Negros here can vote. They say that the local white leadership use their power to keep us away from the ballot box and keep us voiceless. Those that have gone before us say “no more!” No more! That means protest, that means march, that means disturb the peace, that means jail, that means risk! And that is hard! But we cannot wait any longer!
Sheriff Clark, we're trying to gain access to the registration office. Which is our legal right. From the other side of the street, TWO YOUNG REDNECKS walk across the road, stop in front of Amelia Boynton, spit on her and march off. Amelia takes out a handkerchief and wipes the saliva from her coat.
Well, what we got here? You got a problem, boy? Jimmie stares at Clark.
How does it help a black man to be able to eat at a lunch counter, if he doesn’t earn enough to buy the burger or can’t even read the menu ‘cause there was no Negro school where he’s from? Is that equality?
And what about equality in the black psyche? Look at these men. Beaten and broken down for generations. What happens when one stands up, says enough is enough?
Do you know what he’s said about us in the past, Coretta? He’s called us “ignorant Negro preachers.” He’s called me a “modern day Uncle Tom.” Said on national television that the white man pays me to keep Negros defenseless. The white man pays me! How could you allow it?
I got 82 years. 1883. Jimmie born ‘38. He an Army man. Was an army man. In the Army for a spell. Say, “Pa, you gonna vote before you done.” That’s what Jimmie say. We been tryin’ to register ‘fore you came. Five times before. I studied it. He took me. A good boy. Always good. The man just...
We know a state trooper acting under orders of George Wallace pointed the gun and pulled the trigger! But how many other people had a finger on that trigger?! I'll tell you! Every white preacher who preaches the bible, but stays silent before his white congregation! Every white politician who feeds on hatred and prejudice! Every white lawman who abuses the law to terrorize! And every Negro man and woman who stands by without joining this fight as their brothers and sisters are humiliated, brutalized and ripped from this earth! This ripples through the congregation.
I hear you! I hear you! But the real issue is the literacy exam! The average person can’t pass it. And if you can, it don’t matter, when the local registrar can flunk you for missing a damn comma.
White nods.
We shouldn’t do this, man. This is not us. This is not SNCC. It’s some bullshit. This is gonna do more for King and the SCLC than Selma.
You’re far out, man. You’re off base with this. All this damn nonsense ain’t what SNCC is about.
Behind the troopers were dozens of possemen, 15 of them on horses, and perhaps 100 white spectators.
In the vicious maltreatment of defenseless citizens of Selma, where old women and young adults were gassed and clubbed at random, we have witnessed an eruption of the disease of racism which is destroying all of America. No American is without responsibility and it is fitting that all Americans help bear this burden. I’m appealing to men and women of God and goodwill everywhere. White, black and otherwise! If you believe all are created equal, come to Selma! Join us!
When... when I headed up SNCC’s Freedom Ride and the bus reached the Montgomery city limits, the police escort disappeared. We saw the Greyhound station completely deserted, and I thought, “This... is not good.” We got off. And out of nowhere, from all directions, they came. Men, women. Kids too. A couple hundred white folk. They came out of alleys and side streets. From all directions at once like they’d been let out of a gate somewhere.
George, you see all those demonstrators out in front of the White House keeping my Lady Bird awake all the damn night?
A century has passed. More than one hundred years since the Negro was freed. And he is not fully free tonight. It was more than one hundred years ago, but the emancipation is a proclamation and not a fact. The real hero of this struggle is the American Negro.
Stark, tell me what you’re doing, and I’ll tell you what I’m doing.
Saving your ass is getting to be a full time job. 64
Saving your ass is getting to be a full-time job. They regard the burning bus. red-hot steel.A civilian M.P.!  If the fellows ever saw you now!  They'd skin you alive!
Same one they have all over.
... right here in my pants.
-- Damn.
Viktor, you bastard!  I hear it's great.
Damn --
Brand spanking new.
Only you could be this pretty and manage to find guys that treat you badly. I mean, just because dip shit hasn't called doesn't mean he's ended it with you. Besides, let's say he did, it's not the end of the world. Everybody"s been dumped. Look at me.
Well, I guess. But how can you worry about that stuff when you're just scrapping by, without a pot to piss in.
Man after my own heart. The pay is great. Here's what we do, everyone signs a contract for thirty lessons in advance. If they can't pay, fuck em'. They'll only show up for three anyway. We have a no money back policy, so we're all set. We guarantee results, but we're businessmen. You see Robbie, it's not just that you teach people how to sing and make money. It's that you make money and occasionally teach people how to sing. Franchises are the future.
What'ya think he's going to marry, a pig?
Robbie! Dude! I heard about what happened to you man. That was cold, you must have felt like shit.
Julia, I have the name "Butch" tattooed on my ass. Barry Manilow would throw me out of the house for that.
C'mon Andy! Get your ass in gear!
I've been thinking about what happened to you and let me tell you, it's all for the best. I mean, you're in love and everything, but love wears off, believe me. Me and your sister, I mean, it used to be wild. She was very ... adventurous. We got into some crazy shit.
All right, he's probably gonna get laid.
Nite.
Hey, whose nipples are getting twisted, your sister's or your brother's?
Never even got a shot at her, you say?
Dude, how stoned are you?
Are you gonna bitch out on tonight? You are, aren't you. Dave, half-listening, sits at his desk and answers emails.
Whatup bitches!
Fair enough. Anyway, I tried to get her number, but she goes "I don't date former students," so I go, "great, do you fuck former students?" and then she calls me a "potty-mouth degenerate" and runs out without her coffee. So I got a free venti macchiato, which is cool-
Yeah, I read for the part of Steve Action, Jake's troubled younger brother with a secret, and I fucking killed it. I cried like five times during the audition and it's a fucking action movie. Plus I'm the spitting image of the dude who plays Jake Action, so...
This hot paralegal in my office.
I really want to have sex with her!
This chick does not look happy.
And where the fuck is my bong? He groggily rises from the sheets -- only it's not Mitch. It's Dave. His body, his face, everything. Yup, you got it: the single auy and the married guy have switched bodies. We will refer to them by their "brain names," thus while this hungover dude definitely looks like Dave, inside he's Mitch, so that's what we'll call him. The actors, of course, will remain in their bodies. Mitch doesn't know any of this yet.
I don't talk like that, dude--
Dude, that's easy as fuck. Okay, for me, go home, put on some cool clothes, and get to set -- all the info is on my phone. Once you're there, go to Hair & Makeup and memorize your lines and try not to be a total douche to everyone, okay? This is the film industry. Everyone is really cool. They look at each other, very doubtful that this will work...
Holy dick, are you Gladys? You're a lynx.
Steve Action?! You perfect bastard!
Cry me a river, dude: I dealt with ballet and your ass-hat boss today.
Hey, your secretary is sort of hot in like a Dame Judi Dench-playing-a- Nazi kind of way. Is she on the fuck team?
Hey dude, I take back everything I said about Two and a Half Men. This is some edgy shit--
Don't blow this for me, dude, she's my Tuesday night regular.
I think you're on firm legal ground here, amigo. I say jump that ass.
My tits are aching for you.
Holy shit, I'm finally going to fuck Jamie. This is my greatest hour! I hope she likes it weird! Then, IN SLOW MOTION, Jamie enters the bathroom, nude, her hair gently blowing in the wind from an open window. She looks insanely hot. Mitch takes her all in, ravenous...
But isn't that sort of...my penis? Dave looks down.
No! You married guys have no idea how hard it is to build a reliable stable! You don't! It's a full time job! Getting girls' phone numbers, calling them, emailing them, Facebooking them, Twittering them, buying them drinks and dinners and coffees and listening to endless stories about their stupid fucking friends and begging them to touch your wiener on the second date and building an elaborate web of lies so they don't all find out about each other -- it's exhausting! And then poof! In one night, you just casually discard my life's work!
Dude, honestly, I'm working my nuts off over here. I don't know how to play you any better.
When you're with Jamie, you should always be doing one of three things: asking her permission, complimenting her, or begging her forgiveness. It doesn't matter if she already said you could go to poker night, or if she looks like fucking Mothra in that dress, or if you didn't do anything wrong. Permission, compliments, apologies. That's all anyone wants to hear out of a husband's mouth. Here, let's practice: what's your favorite joke?
HELL-lo legs.
Because I've seen your life and if you don't loosen up soon you are literally going to die. So go out with this chick. Have fun. Bust a nut. Remember why life is beautiful again, okay? Please? This actually gets to Dave a bit. He frowns, fine...
Fuck! Fuck... And then Survivor's "Eye of the Tiger" comes on the radio. Mitch's expression slowly turns to steely determination...
Now, just for like three minutes, don't be a dad, don't be a husband, don't be a lawyer, just be a dude rolling down Sunset strip in a fucking Ferrari with his best friend listening to Seal, okay? Dave looks out the window, getting into it...
What, like a total douchebag? She LAUGHS. Dave can't believe it. He loosens up a bit.
14! 14 sandwiches and 9 Diet Slice's! Pay up, cocksucker! An EXEC gives him a 5 dollar bill. Mitch waves it in the air and HUMS the Olympic theme song. Flemming just glares at him like, you're so fired. Then the mediator enters.
I am?! Fuck, I've never really been good at anything before... Mitch considers this a second, then laughs, proud.
You think she's fucking Fernando Valenzuela? We see that the man she's talking to is, in fact, Dodger great FERNANDO VALENZUELA, in a pimped-out white suit.Look, you don’t need to talk down to me. I only took this goddamn job cuz I got fired from my last one for being late!
Youuuuu....
Working my ass off so you kids could go to college. That’s where I’ve been.
The kid’s not going to be a bastard!
What? I don’t think I’m hot shit. What are you talking about?
You’re jealous.
My ass is really sore.
What the hell are you doing here? Hear me out.
Watch where you goin' Orca!
Boyz always been little things that laff and grab they selves -cept for when I's real big and pregnant wif my first baby. Then boyz don't say nuffin. They stand out the way real quiet like I'm Queen of England...
Thas me.
Not this baby! I got another one 'sides this coming.
She don't say nuffin'. She don't talk to nobody.
She nasty.
...The tesses paint a picture of me wif no brain. The tesses paint a picture of me 'an my muver -my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wiped away, punished, caged up, kilt, changed, finded a job for.
Today is first day. I been tessed. I been incomed eligible. I got my medicaid card, proof of address, self, pencil, notebook -alla dat shit.
What you want baby?
Reggie, where you been? I've been paging your tired ass all night.
Mind your mouth in here Jo Ann.
You come to Harlem to get away from bad influence?
Where you sneak your ass off to this morning?
You didn't say nothin' `bout no damn school today.
Sit your ass down.
I don't know much more than you do Miz White...
Alla dat.
Guide lady smart. Say dis the first civilization of the Earf. Black folks, first!
Miz Rain say the longest journey begin wif a single step. I wonder what step they journeys begin on. Mama always talk about how there be all different types of welfare. I want filfy rich white folks welfare. Mama crazy but Mama not stupid.
Mama say this new school ain' shit tho. Say you can't learn nuffin' writing in no book. Gotta git on that computer you want to make some money. But Mama wrong about that.
Mary, leave that chile alone. Stop beating that girl Mary.
I wonder can you spell "slut" then.
You know Blu?
You ain't her type.
He never been wif you?
Whatever.
I forgive you too. I can tell right now that you ain't qualified for dis kind of mess.Good morning, Mr. Bassett, this is your wake-up call.  Please move your fat ass.
Goddamn jeep trail gets worse every year.
You will have long blonde hair, big green eyes, nice full breasts that stand up and say hello, ass that won't quit.  And legs, legs that go all the way up!
Hey, Pham Van, what the hell is this?
Melvin, you little pain-in-the-ass!
Last time down this damn twisty road!
Okay, here's the plan.  We bust our tails in the car wash six months... well, maybe nine...and we don't spend a dime, you know?  And then we go for it...down payment on a tow-truck or a back-hoe or something, right?  Start a real business.  We can start looking for something today, tonight!
He's only got one damn jacket. That's him, I'm telling you.
Edgar!  What the hell you doing? Get on down from there!
Well, shit, we can't leave him up there.
If he did, why didn't he use his damn shotgun?
Hey, where the hell's that asshole dog?
Or a big mother slug maybe?
Stalled out your truck?  Have to be one strong son of a bitch.
Damn right fifteen.
...Look, we organize, we arm ourselves.  We go out, we find those damn snake things, we make 'em extinct.
Heather and I are going to drive around a little, see if we can find that college girl and tell her to get her ass back into town.
Well...you fellas watch yourselves.
Pham Van don't get his mitts on this for no measly fifteen bucks!
This valley's just one long smorgasbord and if we don't haul ass outta here we're the next course.
Jesus Christ!  Man, you gut a gun?!
Come on!  Outta your pants!
They got the patience of Job.  They just sit and goddamn wait til they hear something that sounds like lunch.  We need a plan.
Those scumsuckers are my radials, Pham!
Hey!  What's going on, man?!  What the hell you doing up there...?!
Melvin, shut the hell up!
Just barely, Pham.  What are you all doing up on your roofs. What the hell's going on?  Come back.
Val?  What the hell you doing back already?
They're coming underground!  They ...they can dig like a son of a bitch...Big monsters under the ground, Burt!  Now get the hell out!  Hurry!
Val, we can't get them.  Never figured on having to shoot through dirt!  Best goddamn bullet stop there is.  Come back.
Hang on, Burt.  The bastards are up to something.
I think the ground's getting closer.  I think we do it.  We're gonna save our asses here!
Like hell you are.
That did it, girl!  Goddamn good thinking!
The bombs?  Damn right I do.
Burt, you bastard!
What's the matter with you?  What are you talking about?!
I GOT A GODDAMN PLAN!!
What, cut it out, dude
Leese, what the hell?
She puts her ear to the door. Doesn't hear anything. She jerks around, realizing maybe Rippner was just holding his breath outside her brother's bedroom door, or worse -- shit is he behind the shower curtain? She whips it back. No Rippner.
Don't be a bastard.
No? Not you? You're too chicken-shit to be a member of the dynamic duo club? OK, then, great, I'll find somebody else. Somebody who can keep up with me!
Brundle! You're comnitting suicide! Please don't do it! Please don't!
That's his whole career, driving that damn forklift. You'd think he'd wanna learn how.
.and every time he is here, he goes on and on about some problem with the goddamn filter, and I have no idea what he's talking about... Delayed reaction -- she notices Joel is getting frisky. He gets closer, starts kissing her neck.
Tell 'em hell yes.
Boy it really makes you stop and think about how fragile we are -- especially our balls. They're just hanging there in a little sack between our legs. At any moment they could be cut off forever.
Well, I hope so. That would suck... I get laid all the time.
She's a tramp?
Hire a gigolo to have an affair with your wife.
How do you know a gigolo?
This guy Brad. He comes in here all the time. He's a friend of Vic's. You could hire him to have an affair with Suzie.
Why not? You said you wouldn't care if she cheated on you. Then you'd be free to go out with that Cindy chick and get your ya-yas out -- with no guilt. Problem solved.
What, so you're a pimp now?
Yeah, networking! Totally. Then if I got enough of 'em, maybe I could quit my landscaping job and do this full time. That would be awesome! Cause I hate landscaping. I like getting laid a lot better, and my boss is a total dick...
Oh shit! He runs out of the room.
I think Step is just chest-beating. He does this all the time. He gets all wound up, talks big, then he always backs down. And that's with his balls.
Time for you to call her and finally get laid man!
Is she kind of slutty lookin'?
Here let me dial. You're too stoned.
Hey man. Sorry I bailed on you like that last night. It's just that I don't like to get involved in other people's personal shit, you know what I mean?
I didn't even know Willie had a girlfriend. She must be new. Man, Willie looked pissed.
I don't think so dude.
Dude, you can't do this to me.
Did he get all the... leaves? It doesn't really look that clean. I mean I'm looking at it, and I'd say it's pretty goddamn filthy. Did the guy even clean it at all? It sure doesn't look like it.
Oh yeah. I didn't tell her about it for a while 'cuz I was kind of embarrassed, you know? You don't tell a girl you just met that you lost one of your balls. Especially a girl as hot as Cindy.
I could kick anyone's ass at that whole company.
I don't think he's an asshole.
Gullible bastard. 18
You go 'head and tell Reedy here when you decide. Now, about your personal
Steve! Is that you, newspaper man? Now I know you got my money. You got money on toast. Gimme some of that money on toast. Everett hates this guy. Back off.
Right. Sure. Oh man! So... okay. Beachum. Killed a pregnant girl or something.
Jesus, Atkins.
It's no joke, Mr. Beachum. It's my nose. And my nose -- well, to tell you the pitiful truth, it's my whole goddamn life. When my nose says something stinks, I gotta have faith in it, just like you have your faith in Jesus.
What happened, dammit? In that store. The day Amy Wilson was shot. The two men stare at each other. We see that Everett is looking right into Beachum, the way he looked right into Porterhouse.
We have to do what the state tells us to do. Makes it a little tough on us here if we show up in the newspaper as bloody murderers or anything like that. Right.
New York asshole.
Everett, I don't know what kind of cockamamie conspiracy theory you're working on, but this is a solid case. don't send innocent men to the Death House.
You've always been a gullible sonuvabitch, Everett. Read the transcripts. A witness saw Beachum with the gun.
Look, I got all that personal crap you wanted. He believes in God. He's going straight to heaven. He's happy as a pig in shit, all right? He can't wait to be juiced. You can use that in the sidebar.
Mrs. Russel, I know you think this is a race thing. It's not a race thing. That innocent man on death row -- he's black, too. Did you know that? They're going to kill him at midnight. I'm just -- I just need to know the facts.
Ev, I feel sorry for you. You and your famous nose for a story. You think you can just sniff your way along, you know, from one hunch to another, one woman to another, one drink to another when you're drinking. But people aren't stories, Ev. You can't line up all the facts and think you know something. Your hunches are shit, Ev. Even when they're right, they're shit.
Does a bear shit... on Goldilocks?
Watch the damn road! 135
But he's a goddamned bulldog with a story. 146
Lounds, give it a rest...
It was last Thursday. This couple from Duluth. I had them down to the short strokes talking mortgages -- I mean, that man could have written a check for the whole goddamn place. I'm figuring: Geehan , you lucky sonofabitch, you gonna unload this turkey.
Off they go in their Sedan DeVille the hell out of here.
Where the hell's Graham!
Cut the general crap.
Damn right.
Freddie Lounds.
Tell it to the U.S. Attorney, Lounds!
Slick as hell.
I'll use Lounds.
No, Mr. Lounds. You'll be just fine.
Atoning, Mr. Lounds.
Open your eyes, Mr. Lounds.
Freddie Lounds. Your photograph.
Are you queer, Mr. Lounds?
Open your eyes, Mr. Lounds.
They don’t have to be. Looks like you all got a good thing here. Keep it that way. Stay the hell inside.
My brother has always been that guy. You know the one? With the disaster “go bag” and the ammo reloader for his AR-15? He was always sort of an asshole, but I knew I’d be safer with him than anywhere else. By the time I got there he had six other guys all staying with him, hunting buddies. Eddie-- my brother-- he had blankets on the windows, but they were ready to arm up, go out and bag them a monster.
Oh shit. You too?
What baffles me, Jamaica and Belfast have so much in common. Cops and soldiers giving you grief day in day out, armed gangs running round murdering people for fuck all. But at least in Jamaica they have decent music. A muffled thump. TERRI and ERIC look at the door. ERIC nicks the joint; waves smoke away. TERRI opens door and is face to face with a BOMB DISPOSAL MAN, or bomb disposal blimp as he appears.
So shut it.
Wait, wait, you say you knew this fella?
What the fuck are you talking about? It’s a record shop!
Ah, Pugwash, beehives and teenage suicide... we obviously share the same taste in women. Three pound. PUGWASH goes. Behind him stands an odd-looking urchin. This is FANGS, a Belfast punk, missing a few front teeth.
You know they used the Pound as a morgue on Bloody Friday.
Fuck sake, Dave. They pass in front of the Albert Clock, round a corner, round another, and there is the Pound, a once-fine bar now barely standing. 41
When the last cop has gone there is pandemonium. TERRI is in the thick of it, hugging PUNKS, getting head-butted
All right? I’ve lost a tooth, been drenched in spit, called a wanker about five hundred times.
Whatever you think, mate.
Which of you is Davy? Both men look up. DAVY SMYTH & DAVY SHANNON We both are.
Are you sure it’s wise, driving around this country in a van at night? Those poor fellas who were murdered...
It’s OK, I’ll get Pugwash to do it.
Pugwash? Can you afford him?
Listen, fellas, we’ve been playing some dates. We’re on our way home to Belfast.
Exploiting these kids.
That’s like asking a vet if he’s stuck his hand up a cow’s arse. He has produced a bag of white powder.
You’ll fuck up if you’re too tense. You have to go in there like you mean it.
Hello, Dave. I know, I know, isn’t it amazing? Twice in a row! The doorbell rings. TERRI goes to the door. FANGS and two other PUNKS are on the doorstep. FANGS has a transistor round his wrist. He holds it up like a holy relic.
Terri? The fella’s hanging on here. He opens his eyes.
Shit, I told those German fellas I’d take them to see the Pound.
Yes, that Terri Hooley.
That’s nice of you to say so. He pulls a magazine from the envelope. He’s on the cover: ‘Der “Godfather of Punk”’. He takes a drink.
I have to laugh at the great and the good when they say the punks are a menace to society. Our town was dead at night. They’ve brought life back to it. We should be thanking them instead of hassling them. These kids aren’t the problem for Belfast. These kids are the solution. 141
Couldn’t get the champagne, Terri, but if you shake this it’ll pop to fuck. He starts to shake it. FANGS meanwhile collects glasses from the lockers of neighbouring beds. The NURSE from night before reappears, angrier than ever.
I need you to get those fellas off the ward this minute. The BABY is mewling. RUTH opens her nightdress to feed her.
Terri, what’s going on over there in Belfast, man?
Swear to God, Terri, we weren’t. TERRI says nothing, but neither does he move. LANKY PUNK has no option. He glances round.
OK, OK, we call in favours - we get Siouxsie back to headline. Fuck it, we call the Clash, Stiff Little Fingers...
Come on, move your arse.
Terri! Terri! Am I on the list? TERRI looks at the FRONT OF HOUSE MANAGER; he looks at the BOX OFFICE STAFF, waiting by their tills. He looks back at the doors, the RUC MEN, the waving hands of PUNKS outside.
Walter, you're crocked.
Man, she likes you, man!
You're a little drunk now, and you're fed up to the teeth. Everybody gets fed up, Charlie. You stick with it. You're going to be all right.
The little stretch of strip-joints on Third Street. Bright little cluster of honky-tonks.
I don't know who you fellows think I am, but you fellows have the wrong idea about me.
You fellows are working under a misconception.
Cut it out, Eddie. You keep punching me, I swear I'm going to belt you one.
Let me ask you. What would you do if the county tells you they’re going to tear up half your property to build a goddamn rotary? No one asks. They just tell.
Hoag doesn’t respect anyone, Denny.
Can we try not to be a pussy about this?
Kill him. Fucking kill the fucker!!! Albert FIRES point blank and decimates the FIGURE. When the smoke clears... REVEAL - An old station MASCOT. A sixties looking guy, his perma-grin now a sick half smile. Denny pulls himself up from the floor.
I’m going to knock you the fuck out, man. One, two, three... They lift the Giant and maneuver him into the bed of the Dodge. It’s heavy going, but not as bad as you might think. Denny takes note...
Get your butts in here. I’ve got something to show you. What?
That’s awfully romantic, Flynn, but I don’t go for chicken shits.
Leave it. Close the damn door, Flynn.
Look, the engine is all cracked hoses and Motor City fucking ingenuity, so I’m gonna try a few things.
It’s running fine. Come the fuck on. The ENGINE WHINES and then suddenly something GRINDS. Two more impatient KNOCKS ON THE HOOD. THE GRINDING WORSENS. Amber really guns it. The GRINDING is louder than the engine.
It keeps me fit. Amber looks for a way out. There is none. So she does what any good hellcat can do. SHE CHARGES DRIVER. JUMPS AT HIM and...
Now, I think we can all agree that we saved your little rich girl ass, correctamundo?
Alright. Fuck. Let’s deal with this. Flynn opens the door. The SHERIFF, 40’s, grizzled, is all cowboy cool.
Now, I think we have ourselves a case of identity confusion. Harris here at the Highwayman seems to remember a fella coming through with the same name as you.
Some chick.
Thanks a lot, yo. Kick some ass out there.
Goddamn you are smokin'.
Ah, shit.
Hell, yeah.
Promoter told me everybody was hanging around wondering if I was okay, they wound up buying up all of his T-shirts and shit. Whole merch table got cleaned out.
Why the fuck not? I'm her father. A person only gets one father in this life.
Sold the shit outta that one.
Volpe gave me an assload to pass out.
All day long, hot horny housewives begging for your meat.
I think she might be a lesbian.
You're gonna turn this down, too? Man, you're rough!
Hell, yeah.
Fuckin' eighties, man. Best shit ever.
They had this cheesy-ass skeleton that popped out of a coffin. You'd get so scared, you'd cry. Then you'd beg to go in again.
My priorities were all fucked up. I know that. But now... I wanna try to make things right. I wanna try to get to know you.
They got this kick-ass cover band Tuesday nights. Play anything you can think of. What do you say we----
Just reffing, my ass. I knew you'd get in there.
Oh, man, fuckin' classic.
Dude's got taste.
Look, I'm sorry if I came off like a bitch. I didn't mean that stuff I said. You're not just a customer.
Oh my gosh, I can’t believe this! Hey, wanna go scare the crap outta mom?
Is it your fibula? Talk to me. Whoa.
Butt-dialed?
With my butt. While I was talking in my sleep, I do that sometimes.
You sleep-butt-dialed me?
With my butt.
Suck it, Ted.
I was talking about me and Precious. Precious and Boss nuzzle.
Whoa, whoa! They watch in horror as Armstrong appears-DR. ARMSTRONG How do ya do there, fellas. Nothing’s going to ruin my B-Day. Not even you.
Yeehaw! Hold onto your chaps, pal!
Now let’s crack that big nut.
And you, my pudgy protege... Armstrong removes two giant lollipops from his sleeves.It’s a shit hole. Nobody’s saying it’s not. But that’s where I’m from - not who I am. Mulligan looks down.
How’ve I been? You mean apart from dating a guy called Bubba for most of the last decade and having “enter here” tattooed on my asscheeks? What?
He only has two choices, right? Fess up or let the guy take the rap. And either way he’s screwed. Mitch downs the Scotch.
No shit, man. I work for the DA. Mitch flashes his ID.
Stuart, where the hell are you?
“She took me to her elfin grot And there she wept and sigh’d full sore, And there I shut her wild wild eyes With kisses four.”
Doc!    Shit, it's about time.
Where you want to go, man?
You got a steel hard on.
Well, that shit should be out of your system in a half hour or so, if you live that long ... this air phone is costing me a fortune ... look, I'll be in LA in twenty minutes. I'll call you when I hit the ground.
It's all you, man.    Keep it.
Chevy! Holy shit, man, I've been trying to reach you for a half hour.
What's up, corpse.
Whatever.
ou a persistent motherfucker, Chev Chelios, I'll give you that.
Don't tell me you're talking about your bro, Def Lepard.
The Chinese shit.
The screams of the men fill the air.
Bobby, don't call your sister a slut.
My name's Dennis Rafkin, and I -BEN Shit, you're Dennis Rafkin?
Listen, you gotta get your kids and get the hell out of here, now.
Shit, either one of you got any aspirin, ibuprofen, acetaminophen,
No, you look like a dork... But the nanny isn't listening. jawed.
... and he lands on his ass.
Looks like I'm saving your ass.
Look, you got something to say, spit it out.
Get away from me.
Hurry your ass up! Maggie backs up... and she's hit over the head from behind. She lands on the floor and goes out like a light. Cyrus's ghost approaches the body.
You make me sick. 87I can feel Jack getting angry with us. ‘There you go, spending all that money on those silly little knick-nacks...
You can’t do that, Bobby. He looks at her.
Man-cus-o.
Roy, goddammit! Your car's here,
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
Neither can I. But my daughter's a wiz at the thing. Roy goes off-book.
I just went out. I didn't drink, I didn't get high, and I didn't take any money out of your stupid horse.
You keep real far away from us. Anything seems off, you get outta there. You see me tug my tie like this, you get outta there.
Not if you train 'em. it Frank.
Well, once I found you, sniffing out your buddy Frank wasn't such a big deal. Frechette indicates the corner of the room. There, Frank sits huddled, eyes puffed and blackening, nose bloodied, the crap kicked out of him.
You were given a pretty close haircut the other night, Roy. This little fella took out about half an inch of your skull. Bishop offers a couple of head X-rays. Roy can barely sit up much less study X-rays. Bishop drops them.
Don't mess with somebody who knows your moves before you even think 'em.
I don't mean to be indelicate, my friend, but how do you know the little bastard is yours?
I'm so sorry. I'm a spaz.
Okay, good shit. Mary doesn't turn to look but he feels something coming and then hears a CAR ENTERIHGthe alley. He keeps his eyes on Sharky. MARY
We think you got a bad deal Narcs.
Arch is the best street cop in the house. He won't take shit -- that's why he's here. Papa too. He's been shot three times, and he doesn't even remember where the scars are. He'll barehand a locomotive.
Jesus
What a great lookin' machine. Okay, come on, who's got what? Put something on the. table. Time's runnin' out, and we got our nuts in the door jamb. Papa?
her. Get over here.
go home, Nosh, and stay I call you..
Goddamn Eagle Scouts. Nosh and Sharky. Dead and buried and both so young. Now, clear your throat. Take a deep breath. You got a question to answer. Sharky
Friscoe. Sharky. They got Nosh.
Sharky, listen, Christ, you gotta come in now -- and the girl, Sharky, bring in -the girl! Sharky is frozen
That shit’s over a mile away. Jarrod unblocks his eyes to see Terry’s right. He looks out at the ship. Suddenly they see a SWARM rising through the air. Jarrod raises the camera to his eyes. Zooms in. Focuses.
Alright. Take it nice and slow until the second gate. When that opens. We tear ass to the dock.
Thanks again. You really saved our asses. Jarrod nods in approval. Candice dries her tears. Choking back sobs.
Terry could be such an asshole. But I loved him. Everyone did. They stand there for a moment. Looking at Jarrod’s painting.
up the wide ca:peted steps.
and A.'fflE lfARIE TllVEllS at a table. into her glass, bored.
I'll Trite I'll pllone you !rom lloscow.
She looks at the TWOWO.ml. The !GAVY GIRL is lookin; at her pa per. The Tln!i m:JU. stares a.t LILLIANa brief moment, then back out the
Reitler
The ~akes
I'm all ript,
gay.
acts "gay".
Sliow me!
She's turned into a wild socialist, giving away all her mouey.
I think it’s down the hall! I saw it. I gotta piss too.
You’ve got a perfect ass. Finally, he has a thought.
Dude, this little bastard will be bouncing off the walls!
Jews don’t have guns.
you!
Push the goddamn buzzer, will ya? The clerk buzzes Bishop in.
Bzzzt! I've already done that. Maybe you've read about a few? Bishop puts on a "no shit?" look.
Toy company my ass. That's laser fencing. There's high voltage on the perimeter. The whole building says "Go Away." It's Cosmo, I know it. The toy company's a front.
Okay fellas, I'm out of here. have a nice ride.
Carl, what the hell were you waiting for?
Girl’s got a bit of class, mate. How come I haven’t seen her? Where you been hiding her?
They’re trousers, Mum. She doesn’t look like a harlot.
The Krays’ main rivals were the Richardsons of South London. They were called the torture gang.
Half a minute. Gotta go down and change the barrel. Obviously rattled, he disappears down the hole in the floor to the cellar. As he pulls the trap door down over his head --- Four customers scurry out. The other EIGHT are RICHARDSON GANGSTERS. Approaching from all sides. Tough bastards. Tooled up with coshes and pipes. One, Mike Jobber, holds a razor.
I bet you are... Reggie, I say we meet these Mafioso at London airport, chop them up and send them back home in their luggage. That’s a plan.
Albert, whoever’s was in that pub, you need to find out who they are and unravel anything they’ve said to the police. Get Big Pat and Bender and send them out there. That
I am Saavik... Can you speak?
How can you be logical at a time like this?! We have to get thee hell off this planet!
They've knocked out the damn automation center.
Who you talkin' to, Studs? Me, or Buddy. I can't tell, you got those shades on.
Use your head. The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it?
If they get set up in time, which I doubt. And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
Must be quite a pal, risk his own ass like this.
Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.
Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde? Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat? You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him.
Studs. Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc. What's going on?
Oh, nuthin'.
You're in civilization now, man, ease up.
Dick. My man.
Not so fast, Dick.
You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
Oh, you know, reading's funnamental an' shit, we just excited.
Hey! Watch that shit!
The white man's Burdon. That's what everybody calls him in Miami. The Metro-Dade guys. He's got a knack for pissing people off.
Yeah, someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport, called the number --
Something I've been wondering, what ever happened to your Uncle Cully?
I don't know. He was different after he was sentenced, looking at thirty years. Said it depressed him every time the younger cons called him an old timer.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start. Battery was dead. He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing. Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in.
Why you want to do that, to a frien'?
I like this Town Car. We can cruise the man's neighborhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
Must take balls, do what you do.
Hey, Jack? Bullshit. I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two. Forty-two. You really want to change, it's never too late.
These guys, man, they're crazy.
No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system.
Yeah? You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
I saw Karen Sisco.
You drink like a girl.
I got to go take a piss.
I'm freezing my ass off.
Glenn knows everything we suppose to do tomorrow. Glenn could tell somebody that, yeah, but it don't mean shit. You understand? 'Cause Glenn don't know I changed the plan.
You know they gonna set us up.
Do like he says, man. Slow down.
I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
Hey, shit, we're gonna have a party.
Like a fag.
Damn --
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Where's Dick?
What're you now, a desperado? Put the guns down.
Where you been, man?
Fenster always worked with McManus. He was a real tight-ass, but when it came to the job, he was right on. Smart guy. A gopher. Got whatever you needed for next to nothing.
Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good with explosives. Mean as a snake when it mattered.
Hey, that was your mistake, not mine. Did you ever think to ask me? I've been walking around with the same face, same name - I'm a businessman, fellas.
The word I got is you hung up your spurs, man. What's that all about?
How many times have you been in a lineup? It's always you and four dummies. The P.D. pays homeless guys ten bucks a head half the time. No way they'd line five felons in the same row. No way. And what the hell is a voice line-up? A public defender could get you off of that.
Nobody asked you, workin'-man.
The D.A. came down here last night ready to arraign before they even moved him to county. Kint's lawyer comes in and five minutes later, the D.A. comes out looking like he'd been bitchslapped by the boogey man. They took his statement and cut him a deal.
Ahhh. Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala we used to make fresh coffee. Right off the trees I mean. That was good. This is shit, but hey...
You watch your mouth.
And that was how we started. McManus came to us with the job; Fenster got the vans; Hockney supplied the hardware; I came through with how to do it so no one got killed - but Keaton - Keaton put on the finishing touch. A little "Fuck you" from the five of us to the N.Y.P.D.
Let me tell you something. I know Dean Keaton. I've been investigating him for three years. The guy I know is a cold-blooded bastard. L.A.P.D. indicted him on three counts of murder before he was kicked off the force, so don't sell me the hooker with the heart of gold.
McManus, you're a real bad-ass, but get off my tip.
Came from Redfoot.
On the street? A few times. Outside stuff. Somebody was working for a guy who was working for a guy who got money through Keyser Soze. That kind of shit. Could be an old badge. A hex sign to keep people from fucking with you back when a name meant something.
Shit yeah. I got a guy trying to walk out of the hospital on a fried drumstick to get away from SOZE. I'll run it up the flagpole.
Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where do you think the pressure's coming from? Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just to deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail.
I heard somebody screaming his nuts off. He said Keyser Soze was on the boat.
His own people were selling him to a gang of Hungarians. Most likely the same Hungarians that Soze all but wiped out back in Turkey. The money wasn't there for dope. The Hungarians were going to buy the one guy that could finger Soze for them.
Keaton was Keyser Soze.
Which is shit.
Sire, forgive me, but I need a squire. Let this foolish hothead serve me.
Your father was a loyal Scot. You work for the English now? James shakes his head.
Isabella was fond of it. Elizabeth sighs. So Robert’s an asshole. Great.
You care nothing for the Scottish people.
It’s Buchan. Comyn’s nephew.
Sign it quickly or you’ll be a widow-woman.
The bastards have Faolan.
Of a sort. It’s fashion. our tummies in.
Ain’t the first time I heard that, lassie.
That’s the craziest story I ever heard!
Amish.
I know exactly what you meant! Listen, maybe I'm not a world-class housefrau, but maybe I don't have time to polish the goddamn china and keep after the kids!
Whacking?
Johnny! Where the hell have you been?
I can whack people. I'm hell at whacking.
You are acting like one!
We'll, them Ohio Amish sure must be different.
They don't have any shit.
No, actually, it's a little unusual. You're carrying a couple of nukes tonight, fellas.
Wait. You're gonna go after this guy? Isn't he going to have a lot guns and shit? I don't want to sound insulting or anything, but ... you're just a pilot. Me?
... seventeen minutes ahead of schedule and everything will be in place within two hours. But I can't guarantee that the assholes in Washington won't do something stupid like not pay.
Ding, ding, ding, Deak. We're starting a new round. You took the first couple, but I've got you on the ropes now, you son of bitch. Deakins gets in the passenger side, grabs the radio mike.
All right. Fine. Though I think you should know, before I ejected, I heard Deakins say the nukes were going to be used to wipe out the last few remaining handicapped gay whales. Terry looks at him -- you asshole. serious.
I need a demonstration. Otherwise, some swinging dick in Washington is going to say I don't have the balls or the ability to set off a nuclear weapon. I'm gonna show these puppies I'm ready, willing and able. Hell, I'm eager. Deakins jams in his clip, walks into the dark part of the tunnel.
Deakins and the dead Pritchett motor along. Deakins turns to Pritchett as if Pritchett had just asked him a question.
Half a million people will die.
God, what's it gonna take for somebody to show some compassion? Don't you see I been through some serious shit here? The kid is close to tears. The Waitress sees the upset on his face and her eyes soften. She shakes her head sympathetically and sets the napkin container on the counter.
You been ~eally GAL
Let's take this piece of crap in.
Whaddya got?
I've never heard of a Saskwatch.
Here, Poochie, Poochie ••• His face breaks into a sleazeball grin as he opens the lock. Flopsy pushes open the door.
Come on, you bums, let's go!
I'm serious. We should go out every week--just you and me. A BEAUTIFUL BLONDE walks past them and Rick gives a QUICK GLANCE back AT HER ASS.
You just checked out that girl's butt.
You see? I can't help it if her butt walks where I'm already looking.
Look at those two meatheads checking out Missy Frankenfield. What, do they think they're invisible over there?
Please don't have a nice ass, please don't have a nice ass... But as she turns to pour a cup of coffee, we see that HER ASS IS SPECTACULAR. Rick turns away, annoyed.
Your wives already RSVP'd.
Man, imagine being Coakley? The guy's single, he's loaded, chicks love him, he doesn't have to answer to anybody.
You cheap,bastard. We're talking about an investment that gets your rocks off and protects your wife's feelings. I'd pay five grand.
Pfttt. Hog-head, your ass doesn't have seven-five. More LAUGHTER from the guys as Rick deals out fresh bills.
I honestly don't know, fellas.
No one said anything about hookers.
Which according to Hog-head means she's horny.
Look, man, I want her to take my order.
I work-out at home, but I was thinking of going public with my work-outs. What do you squat? She seems amused by this.
Bitchin'. Sounds like a nice routine. Maybe I'll routine it, too.
No, no, you're mistaken. Look, dude, this ain't Operation Cock- block here--now trust me, retreat. Rick glances back at Leigh, torn. She looks fantastic.
Haven't gotten laid yet, huh?
On the vagina.
Oh shit.Five dollars. Nice doing business with you. Thank you. He doesn't eat much. He's a regular jackass ... Hee... haw... Hee... haw. Always likes to be called Arthur.
He has shit.
You fellas were drinking, you played bad, whose fault is that?
Damn.
C'mere, you silly son of a bitch. He embraces Maverick.
The Widow Porkchop conned me?
Except... she's shrunk the shit out of it. He goes to the balcony and sees the stage heading for the ferry and Annabelle with several men carrying her bags running after her. He yells and she waves.
A mite.
There is a pause.
'... that saved a wretch like me...'
Margaret Mary and shut up.
Convincing as hell.
'How, white man.'
Now I've got to win three thousand the next couple of days to get the damn twenty-five thousand entrance fee.
Look at his big asshole. (speaking in flawless French
How, white man.
Injun shot by white man's weapon never reach happy hunting ground.
Should have paid your cowhands more, Maverick.
Henry, you get offa there this minute!
I'm your hostess, ya fool, what right you got correcting me?
How the hell did you get here -tell me -MAVERICK -- No, bastard, you tell me -what did you mean when you said you never would have let me make this game? Who was trying to stop me?
Hot shit. As they start to divide the chips -122
Bastard. And with that, she flings her cards down -- she's been bluffing.
Where the hell you been?
The Coomodore.
What did Maverick say to that sweet young thing? 'You never want to give everything away.' If Angel'd won, we'd still have split it the same way. I telegraphed him -- keep Maverick from the game. He messed that up. Poor dead bastard.
You have a Masters in engineering and an intense distrust of the federal government. You also have no visible means of income -JAMES I fix planes for a rich dick -DAN -- Yeah I’m sure that’s how you were able to afford the MUSTANG -James picks up his jar of Old Crow, swirls, FLINGS IT on Dan. Dan blinks. Wet, stunned.
You don’t know what went on between me and your mother. I was losing my mind after the war. I was still in the service when you were born, didn’t even really meet you til you were almost 3. You were this little person already. And you had no idea who I was. You cried every time I picked you up. You and your mother were a team. And I was standing there looking like tits on a bull, just messing it all up. You’re mad cause I left? You ever think what it woulda been like if I’d stayed?
Not to be a dick, but that actually makes me feel better.
Ease up, man - they’re all terrified.
Jesus get your team under control. What a bunch of dumb asses./Are You serious? The Whitespikes aren’t monsters. They’re hunters. They have a feral intelligence. If you hear them approaching, it’s probably a trap. Stay alert, and you’ll stay alive. Cowan keeps shooting at the rat, bullets flying -DORIAN
Dan! Get the hell out of there!
OHHH yeah... She’s a real hard-MAJOR GREENWOOD She’s my wife.
There’s a note that is attached to a plant I've been watering since the day I met you. You may water it your damn self. 11
I'm straight lady, thanks. She looks at Yasmine.
Everybody is not like you Tangie.
Then some ole boy jumped out in front of me and said, “Where you going little gal?” I said, “Who are you?” He said I'm Toussaint Jones. I said, “I am on my way to see Toussaint L’Ouverture in Haiti.” Are ya any kin to him? He don’t take no stuff from no white folks. They gotta country all they own and they ain’t no slaves. That silly ol' boy squinted his face all up. Looka heah girl, I am Toussaint Jones.
You gone marry me bitch!
Mamma stop it.
Frank! Frank! No, not when I need you the most. Why do I do this shit to myself. She goes into the closet and she sees his clothes still hanging there she relaxes. Frank comes in the front door with a bag of groceries. Hey. Hey.
Hey, what the hell happened to you?
I know you’re looking old lady. What?
Will you just tell me what the hell you're talking about?
Tell me the truth. Who have you been sleeping with?
Come on, sweetie, latch. Apparently I have flat nipples. I went 44 years without knowing that, now it's a huge problem.
You're a millennial, tooBRIDGET I'm on the cusp!
You're on your period a lot. Mommy uses tampons, but Mama uses a clear cup that's more natural and better for the environment. I have to wait and see what's most comfortable for my body because every woman's body is different. Maya and Bridget look at each other. They both make the decision to change the fucking subject.
Cortland, stay out of my room!
A white nanny, good for you.
She didn't say fuck. This resonates with Maya.
That was the most badass thing I've ever seen.
Did y'all see that shit? That's my man, Bullitt. Damn! You can't find this dope on pay-per-view. This is the real deal!
You got the wrong guy.
Better than you, Bilkins. you quit working out.
Why'd you come back here, man?
I've arranged it. You do this, that anklet comes off for good and the Feds wipe your record clean. Pearce looks over at Bilkins, the Fed.
Now, I could give two shits about the car. I can buy ten of 'em on my debit card. What I do care about is the pearl ring I left in the glove box. My mother gave me that ring when I turned sixteen. He walks amongst the drivers.
Keep 'em off us, Bilkins. the big boss, aren't you?
He's Bullitt?
That's what you got these folks down here calling you? Bullitt? This is too funny to Pearce. the deal.
How bout we make a deal? nitrous for Pearce here. Pearce stops laughing.
Shitl THE
They got ESDs!
Black Dildo.
If you no want face this, and can't represent this prison...say now.
You pay now.
Sick masochistic lion.
Well, if he's bored you with that bullshit, then this has to be the best part of a bad date. Right?
And three: the flight recorder's tracer led us here in the first place. So where is the goddamn thing? That one's got me all aflush with curiosity.
Gabe, it's a dud --
I've heard a thousand of these, Wright -- whoever was at the stick is going to begin by screeching the Lord's Prayer and wind up screaming "Oh, shit" at ground zero --
You've come a long way to die.
Doreen! We got a puker! 14
You know that demented person?
One dollar buys five rings. If the ring lands on one of the red bottles, they win one of these giant-ass pandas.
That is a giant-ass panda.
Give my kid the fuckin’ panda. The dad shows James a hunting knife he’s concealing by his hip. Suddenly, a young woman in a “GAMES” t-shirt, EM LEWIN, enters from the other side. She pulls down a panda and gives it to the man.
Yeah, thank you. That faggot was trying to rip off a kid. The drunk dad stumbles off with his son, joined by the Molly Hatchet t-shirt guy, who snickers. James turns to Em. She’s cute -- no makeup, dark hair, pale skin, intelligent eyes.
Ha-ah, Brennan! You’re such a nutsack!
Look at the shape of her ass. It’s a Platonic ideal. That ass is a higher truth. Look, look! See how there’s that little portal of light just below her crotch. Where the thigh meets the pudendum. Pudendum?
Well, we gotta go run the ‘Love Machine’. Don’t want Paulette bitchin’ me out my first night back.
It’s the best rock/metal scene in the world. Motley Crue, Poison, Ratt, Tesla. And punk, too. Black Flag, X, Circle Jerks... Shit’s happening out there. Goin’ this winterNASTY!
Not into Em?
Em, I’m serious. Let’s not make it like all the other shit out there. When we’re together, we’re good to each other. Let’s not ruin it. They stare at each other for a few tense moments. EM
Oh, shit. Me, too.
Rich, you scared the hell out of us. He’s looking past James, at Em.
You got one of those little baby joints on you? I do.
Supposedly. I definitely wouldn’t fuck around on any of ‘em. Last summer, some drunk idiot was goofing around on the Galaxy, trying to kick his buddy. They found his Reebok in the parking lot. With his foot in it. Pete O’Malley saunters over, eating a breakfast slice of pizza. Hey, Lisa.
You don’t like Priest?
I want some free balls for waitin’ so long.
to Nicky’s other buddy rushing in through another door. James makes an about-face and hauls ass into the manager’s office. 112
I love my wife. I really do. I don’t want to hurt her. I fucking despise the idea of her getting hurt. And I don’t think she has to. Beat.
How the hell are you?
...The shows were always wild, people partied like crazy, we’d jam ‘til five in the morning. So, one of these nights, halfway through our last set, I’m noticing that everyone in the place keeps turning around, looking at this guy who just came in. He’s standing in the back with a couple of buddies. Then I realize it’s fucking Neil Young. Holy shit.
“extremist” sir.
Danford is a British citizen. They want her alive.
Seddex xabo isii haay lawada kale.
I will fire if I see the HVIs moving or when this girl is out of the frag radius - but I want to give her a chance to get out of the way.
If I knew you were such a wuss, I'd have brought my grandma.
How `bout those filthy, reeking bloodsuckers you love? The Cullens.
Like a leech lover's gonna help us.
Alice, stay out of it.
How filthv;s the room? The sheets haven 1 t b8en changed in a decade. o:;:,rN This is a professional establishrnent. our maids give 1408 a
Look, I'll talk you through it. jackass can fix that thing*
Heyr what are you scoundrels up to?
suddenly, a SLlt? of reality.
C'mon, this crapov old hotel must ve popped for wireless -1
Well, you're doin' shit-hot at Intel.
Thank you, Royce.  It was shaping up like such a tough call -- and then you go and make it so goddamn easy. Really, thank you so much.
But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities.  DOES IT?
'Snot me.  It's him.
This where you bailed last time, Wick?
Standing right here in my office.
They take you away to San Clemente Island.  Half the guys quit when they come back.  Supposed to be just hell-and-a-half.
I can't walk two blocks in Washington without hearing about "G.I. Jane."  You're all over the place, and whether you wanted it or not, the feminists are sizing you up for that poster.
Jordan.  You watch your ass.
Intagliata was out chasing breakfast.  They found his tracks. Well, shit.
Nah, they were dead-ass asleep.  But on every guard's chest,they left one Marlboro cigarette.  Just a little calling card to say they'd been there -- and could come back any time they wanted.
You got anybody, Wick?
Dick, Jane, and Spot.
You think we should go easy on women, O'Neil?
I am saving your life, O'Neil.  You may not know it, but I do.  You're an inferior soldier, a bad officer, and I don't want you learning that inconvenient truth when you're stuck in a muddy bomb crater behind enemy lines and don't know how the fuck to get out.  You get out now, O'Neil. Seek life elsewhere.  And if you can't do it in front of me, do it behind my back.
Make you a deal, Flea.  Never tell me how I look -- and I'll never tell you.
First big night of liberty and no date?  You're pathetic, Wickwire.
You don't crap out of Spec-Recon and get another shot without dispensation from someone up in flag country.
Just hold the goddamn clock, Walter.
Fucking pelicans!  Hang on!
FLEA!  KEEP YOUR EYES ON THAT SPOT! Mark it, mark it!  Cortez?  What the hell you waiting for?
Hey blood sucker.
For Christ's sake, Jacko, don't look a gift horse in the mouth. Have you written that name down? Reynolds, at the Golden Lion.
Whatever.
Well, you see me the way I am in real life ... a slob.
You' re a ghoul, Dardis.
My wife run off three years ago with some nigger car salesman. If John Smith's so damned smart, why don't he find her for me? He's got my number. I mailed it to him. I'd give a week's pay to get my hands on that bitch again. Why don't you call me, Smith? What are you anyway, some kinda nigger lover? The FIRST WO.M.P~N is a dreadful-looking person with jet-black hair.,
When you send ole Greg Stillson to Washington, what's he gonna do? Stiok his hand into the public till and go home ! ?
Is he gonna sit there in Congress and vote like the powerbrokers tell him, and the big-wigs and the fat-cats?!
You would have laughed your ass off, Lloyd.
Say ... what in hell's the name of this burg, anyway?
Okay.  I'm going inside.  If I'm not back out in, say, two minutes, you get the hell out of here.
It's a tough game.  Hard to pin that bastard down.  Keeps on changing the rules.
I am giving her a chance.  Why don't you get off my back?
Michael, I'm trying to be gay, don't confuse me.
I'm a busy girl.  I've got four days to break up a wedding, and steal the bride's fella.
And then I found I was just a sentimental schmuck.  Like all those flighty nitwits I'd always pitied.
... most sentimental schmucks I pity want a honeymoon after their wedding.  Just to top it off.
Did she say th' wrong thang agin? It is so in character!
Have you sized up the groomsmen, Jules?  As M. of H., you get first fuck.  Don't pick the short, hairy, rich one.
Which of you gents ordered two beers?
But you never know what you've got.  Till you run your tongue over it.
You're butting in.
What I mean, when I say annoyingly perfect, is that there is nothing annoying about her perfection. It is vulnerable and endearing. And that is annoying as shit.
Ben Gay.
Ex-cuse me?
Over here, nitwit!
I threw my arms around your husband.  And kissed him with all my heart.  Because I was so happy.  For you.  Nitwit.
What? I don't. Stop talking outta your ass, Art!
Happy?! I'm not happy. I haven’t been happy for one minute of my entire fucking life. He reaches behind her, grabs one of her pillows-JOKER But you know what's funny? You know what really makes me laugh? Leans down closer, face-to-face with her-JOKER I used to think my life was nothing but a tragedy, but now, now I realize it's all just a fucking comedy. 85
--You gotta see this nut for yourself, Murray. I don't think we can put him on. With the rioting out there.
What do I gotta see? I already know he's a nut. That's why we're putting him on, it's a goof. A young BLONDE INTERN walks by in the opposite direction. She nervously smiles to them and keeps walking. Both men turn and check out her ass. Murray winks at Gene.
You know Phoebe I once had to drive your boy home cause he was having one of them ep-i-sodes out on the freeway tryna leave town. Isn’t that right, Mikey?
Yipes.
Oh shit Mike! 17
You know what skeebs me out?
kissed the right assesYATES No because I’m the best guy for the jobLASSETER According to who, Daffy Duck!?
Mike, sup nigga.
I just killed two dudes!
I don’t know, but that was crazy, I like- I remembered the whole thing like it- wait, holy shit, I like remember everything, like every single thing that happened in the last ninety four minutes- ninety four minutes, how did I know that exact number, that’s crazyPHOEBE Mike, slow down. Yeah Mike.
Now you and I both know you’re the luckiest man alive. Your probation officer must be the Michael Jordan of bullshitters, because I never see you gone for more than four days before you’re back at that market, back toolin around town...
They attacked Mike, it was self defenseWATTS You’re his girlfriend, his mother, his maid, his landlord and now you’re his lawyer? Phoebe, let the man speak for himself.
A robot? Do you think that’s possible that I’m a robot? With thegigabytes of memory recall, and the karate programming where I use house hold objects to kill assholesOh shit I’m freaking out againPHOEBE Okay stay calm. Mike. You are not a robot.
They are not hipsters, sir, they look to me like skate punks sir, possibly grungeOhmigod.
I mean, was he...how was he, were his protocols all...I mean was he kicking ass out there? Laugher giggles, but then stifles it.
YOU!
What the FUCK IS GOING ON, PHOEBE. Phoebe bites her lip, tears welling in her eyes. Mike-
Phoebe goes silent.
Hello dickless.
You have been a good mom to me. I don’t really remember my mom and I assume that’s kind of your fault but I want you to know if I had a mom that I remembered I’d hope she fought jacked dudes and was a top secret bad-ass just like you, except didn’t fuck me over and replace my memories and make my life all fake too. I am proud of you, fake-mom. You are a real stupid idiot. Mike wait-
POTUS? How the fuck is the President involved, he’s notTECH He is now, sir. Yates stands there, flummoxed, and then turns and hurries to the big eighteen wheeler, opening the door.
Who happens to be a jerk . . .
Why d o you-
Your t u r n .
I remember one time we got in this huge fight in the barn and I threw cow shit at him. He threw cow shit back at me; next thing you know we're both covered in cow shit and laughing like hell. Best day of the marriage.
Watch o u t - !
What about me?! What about just being proud of being me? I don't want to be part of some group. I don't want to be "a Howard Negro."
Coleman, I know it's bullshit, I'm your friend, remember - ? Coleman bangs down the glass of ice tea COLEMAN Then act like' it.
No, it's not . . . You just forgot what sex is. Don't fuck it up by pretending it's something else. STAY with Coleman, watching, not a depleted old man, but a lover . . . Faunia's performance darkly reflected in an antique oval MIRROR above the head of the bed just over Coleman . . . She dances. He watches. conscious.
That your girlfriend? HER POV: Steena in the booth, moving gently in time to the music. Yeah.
So white girls thinks you're white?
But that's just it. I don't tell people I'm white; I don't tell them I'm Jewish. Oh, I know it's passing in one sense, but it's not because I want to be white. It isn't. I don't want to be white.
They're Chinese Les, not Vietnamese.
This woman is seriously i'll--
'em chicks
be the best damn Coroner's I read all year.
Shit. She runs picks it
Spooky shit, huh? You think someone cut her fingers off at the morgue? The chilling waves of fear build within Goodman. Unlike anything he's ever felt before. Greco walks away as the thought sets in.
You well-heeled, partner?
Yes sir, boy, they, heh, they say that old Fats just shoots the eyes right off them balls.
Pay the man again, Fats.
Be a damn fool.
Thanks... Can I, uh, buy you fellas a drink?
You're damned right I'm sure. Everybody's got talent. I got talent. You think you can play big-money straight pool, or poker, for forty straight hours on nothing but talent? You think they call Minnesota Fats the best in the country just 'cause he's got talent? Nah. Minnesota Fats's got more character in one finger than you got in your whole skinny body.
Why back me then? Why not back yourself? Go find yourself a big fat poker game and get rich. You know all the angles.
You lucky punk. I quit ya.
You want in, friend?
You sure you don't want to quit, friend?
You quittin', friend?
You hustlin' me?
Doesn't all of this come through to you, Eddie? Doesn't any of this mean anything to you? That man, this place, the people. They wear masks, Eddie. And underneath the masks they're perverted, twisted, crippled.
And the way you're looking at me, is that the way you look at a man you've just beaten? As if you'd just taken his money, and now all you want is... his pride?
I'm in the middle of a damn confession.
See, the first thing you do is take the carburetor off the manifold. But suppose you skip the first step and try to rebuild the carb while it's still on the manifold? And then let's say while you're replacing a jet, you accidentally drop the jet and it goes down the carb, rolls down the manifold and into the head? You're fucked. You just learned the hard way that you're supposed to remove the carburetor first. So that's what happened today. I just learned the hard way. This was actually a good experience what happened today.
••• I kick your ass and get; •• $200!
I'm goin' with ••• option B -kicking your ass and getting $200.
skinny black woman, around 60.
You're thrown in jail!
keep my ass awake and out of jail.
whackin'
You've seen it. Now it's covered in mud and this town doesn't have a goddamn one hour cleaners, I had to buy a new suit. Except the only store you can buy a new suit in - has the flu. Get that? The whole store has the flu! So I had to get this from the 2nd hand store. so, it's either the leather jacket which I know you don't like, or this. So, I'm wearing this ridiculous thing •••
Here'• a good one of the tire marks - could we get a little farther away? Did you shoot it from up a tree? Look at this, we've got the tire marks in, that garbage can, what's that - dog shit? Maybe that's a clue.
'Dim-shits'?
I've got to hand it to the British, David. You know what those guys are?  Decent.
Fuck that, Helmuth. You want to discuss symbols here?  This guy was a front man. He was the piper, but he played their tune, you get my philosophical meaning?  I'm not interested in small fish, I'm after Moby Dick. Come on, Helmuth. Hard facts.
Son-of-a-gun. We'll find the corporal and we'll find the telegram.
I was in Vienna. I had with me an Austrian chauffeur, Max his name was, he spent time in the camps. We were looking at these Viennese cleaning up the bomb damage, scavenging for rotting food, butt ends, anything. I said, 'To think a million of these people came out to welcome Adolf on the day he entered the city, a million of 'em, and now look at 'em.'  And Max said, 'Oh, not these people, Major. These people were all at home hiding Jews in their attics.' You get the point, Colonel? The point is they're all full of shit.
Let Furtwõngler go. Please.
Duty? I am sorry, duty? Duty fucking duty. Trouble is, you Americans want everybody to live like you. We liberated Berlin, Major Steve, not you. Our duty also is to bring back the best of German culture.
Isn't it true that because he gave you bad reviews and praised this young guy, Von Karajan, called him a goddamn miracle, said he was a better conductor than you, then you had von der Null conscripted into the army and no one's heard from him since?
But it still doesn't make them saints. They still have to get up and piss in the middle of the night, don't they? They can still be vindictive and envious and mean just like you and me. Well, just like me. Can't they?
David, I don't understand a thing about you. You're a Jew. Are you a Jew?
Standing at the far end of the alley - near the parking lot.
Y’ain’t. Y’ain’t. Aye, the Chicopee, a fine-un, she were. Clean-built and trig-lookin’! None more fleet in ‘64 than she... We were on the breaks -- a mutiny it were. And why, ask ye? Why? What’s the terrible part of the sailor’s life ask ye, lad? T’ain’t Cap’n, workin’ ‘em double-tide. Nay, no.
Ye lyin’ dog.
Alright, alright... suits me just as fine, Ephraim Winslow. So, what brung such a one as you to this damnèd rock?
Can’t say I blame ye. I hearn tell about that life. Hard goin’. Workin’ one man harder than two hosses, they say. No thankee. The sea, she’s the only situation wantin’ fer me.
Nay... not worth the trouble... now I’m a wickie and a wickie I is. I’m damn-well wedded to this here light, and she’s been a finer, truer, quieter wife than any a liveblooded woman.
No sir -- now look here, now -- I mean, nothin’ wrong with a man startin’ fresh, startin’ new, lookin’ to earn a living––
Somethin’ stirring in ye? Yer gettin’ off this island tomorry Winslow, don’t start grudgen me now.
Well, I’ll say it... I might even miss ye, Ephraim Winslow, yer fastly a true blue wickie in the making, you is. Thought one night you was bound to split me skull in twain, but yer a good-un. Why you’ll be workin’ the lamp in no time –
EXT. PILOT ROCK. PATHWAY – LATER THAT MORNING YOUNG hauls coal, his face covered in shit. It rains. INT. FOG SIGNAL HOUSE –
Raggin’?
Raggin’? Who’s raggin’? What island? That’s the trouble with ye, Winslow.
Shut it.
Damn ye.
Damn ye!
Queer way to wear yer shoes.
GODDAMN YER CALUMNY! The law says ye do as I command! Any word but “aye” be mutiny! Pause. YOUNG pulls the cork off. He drinks, and drinks, liquor pouring down the sides of his stubbly face.
This place is a sty.
Work as hard as a man and two horses, you said so yerself, I work like I’m a damn foreigner. YOUNG works at getting into the BREEZEWAY toward the TOWER. OLD stands in his way.
rub them or they'll swell up ... to around seven or eight inches in length. And I had to borrow a little skin from my dog's ass for the jaw area.
We've been in constant touch since our days at Ticklewood Upon Buttocks. Lauren
You're a married I'm not.
Guilt or innocence, it's not my job. My duty is to bring in scum-sucking punks, like yourself, who are accused of a crime. A jury of twelve really stupid people who are easily swayed by rich, fat cat, self serving, asshole lawyers, who will do anything but tell the truth, will sit in judgment of you ... it's as American as a burrito.
may be a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king, I've been up, down, over and out, but I'm no chump. Why are you here?
tongue think the
to find the one-armed, onelegged, one-eyed man.
You eat with Chat mouch? You're dealing with my heart. And my heart: isn't just: an aviscus of cardiac muscle that maintains the circulacion of my blood and is divided inco four cavities, two atria and two ventricles. It's that: big red, bloody thing thac holds my love. You said you believed me innocent at your condo. Then you made a call, pulled a onnny ~aw on gat and sicced me.
Get out of my way.Fellas... you know-Jesus! Come on!
Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the teamsters? You know...
I-i-i-i-it's all right, fellas.
You? You kiddin'?
Alvy, don't! You're using sex to express hostility.
Yeah, I meet a lotta jerks, too.
Oh, stop it. But you were having an affair with your college professor. That jerk that teaches that incredible crap course "Contemporary Crisis in Western Man"!
She's a colored woman, from Harlem!
Oh, no, no, that's bullshit, Max. He goes with that girl over there.
Are you American? You've got an American accent.
Having a shit.
Oh... My father was a... a drunk. Tough. Whore-fucker, bar-fighter. Super-masculine. And he was tough. My mother was very... Very poetic. And also a drunk. And... one of my memories, when I was a kid, was of her being arrested nude. We lived in this small town. Farming community. We lived on a farm. And I'd come home after school and she'd be gone. In jail... or something. And... I used to... I used to have to milk a cow every morning and every night and I liked that. I remember...
One time I was all dressed up to go out and take this girl to a basketball game. And I started to go out and my father said, "You have to milk the cow." I said, "Would you please milk it for me?" And he said, "No, get your ass out there." So I went out and I was in a hurry and didn't have time to change my shoes. And I had cow shit all over my shoes. And on the way to the basketball game, it smelled in the car. I don't know. I-I can't remember very many good things. 34.
The better to squeeze a fart out of you!
The better to scratch your ass with.
And she was a lesbian.
I prefer to be a whore.
Slaves are branded on the ass and I want you free.
You're all fired!
Oh, isn't that wonderful? You know, you're going to have to get out of these wet duds.
No, you're alone. You're all alone. You won't be free of that feeling of being alone until you look death right in the face. I mean, that sounds like bullshit, some romantic crap, until you go right up into the ass of death. Right up in his ass... till you find the womb of fear. And then,... maybe... Maybe then, you'll be able to find him.
No! Fuck all that! Come on. No. Hey, listen. Let's drink a toast to our life in the country. Huh?
I'm gonna get you! Bimbo!
Don't encourage him. Correggio's freakin' ego's big enough already. He takes the club from Correggio.
My buddy's jumpy 'cause he got an assfull a' shrapnel our last tour.
Nigeria. Adukwu's our corpsman. Like a medic. Saved Kerns' ass.
Goddamn it, Imlay, you gonna wipe his ass for him, too? Every man carries his weight! Nantz drops back, runs alongside the struggling Lenihan.
He's not injured. He twisted his goddamn ankle. Nantz' looks over the men, sweaty, covered with grime.
Busting your balls.
I heard Nantz kicked ass on his last tour. Went into a compound by himself, killed, like, ten insurgents...
How many a' them you think there are, Sergeant? Nantz just stares out, stone-faced.
We've got an infestation of god- knows-what. It's an enemy ground force only, they have no aircraft. So our jets'll tear 'em a new asshole. We will rule the air.
Stow that shit, Private.
Sergeant saved our ass at that ambush... He knows what he's doing.
Enemy scout. Move your ass. Stavrou doesn't look up. Just works diligently.
That was some real John Wayne shit, Sergeant. Nantz tries to shrug it away. But Martinez nails him.
Shit, Lieutenant, we're gonna be overrun !
He sacrificed himself to save our asses.
Yeah, right, Imlay... 'Cause we were kickin' ass out there.
You are in the middle of the shit, Sergeant! Everything's been pulled back.
Well then I better square my shit away and do whatever I have to do to defeat this enemy. But I can't do it alone. Nantz stares. The tension is palpable.
Hot as hell here.
Course, Tub, they’re officers, they got every damn thing.
My ass really make you feel all fluffy inside, Private?
That’s cool. None of them want to talk to the nube either... Name’s Yobo by the way, just got in -CAGE -- You miss your nephews, private? Yobo stops on a dime.
... Yo, Ab, turn that shit up. ABBA, the Swede, taking off his HEADPHONES and plugging his MP3 into his jacket. The ROLLING STONES echoing out.
... I don’t know -SGT. FARELL THE HELL YOU PRINCESSES DOING? They turn to see Farell entering.
Cage is crazy as a shithouse rat, Sir, he’s lost his mind -As... SLAM. Cage DECKS Skinner with a clean RIGHT HOOK. 12th squad JUMPING IN. Cage one man against the world.
KEEP YOUR HEADS DOWN, MOVE -INT. TRENCH 216 - DAY RITA sees Cage KICK ASS as he leads 12th to her trench.
Yeah we just killed a whole buncha roaches the size of my dick for absolutely no good reason-SGT. FARELL No, something’s not right. Farell looks up into the HIGH VAULTED CEILINGS. The old GOTHIC ARCHITECTURE. A myriad SCULPTURES and GARGOYLES.
You better believe it big balls.
This is a long piss.
-this building was the site of Newton Haven's first Post Office. Then an enterprising business fellow decided that, far from benefitting matters of the sending and receiving of mail, it was better suited as a humble tap-room where one could get twatted.
Gary nods sagely and opens the door with a flourish toINT. THE FIRST POST - CONTINUOUS -the shittiest chain pub you’ve ever seen. It’s completely without charm or atmosphere. Gary smiles.
I can't believe this, a man of your legendary prowess drinking fucking rain. It's like seeing a lion eating some hummus.
Get out of the nineties mate.
Listen there’s nothing ‘ooh ducky’ about being teetotal, about walking into a pub after a rubgy match and ordering a tap water at a bar packed with big ugly bastards wearing war paint. That Gary, takes confidence. I’m talking balls.
Yeah. It’s shit here innit? EXT. THE OLD FAMILIAR - LATER Gary leads the march to the next watering hole.
Nothing. Nothing happened to me. I'm the same old Gary. No shit.
Gary runs on ahead to 'The Famous Cock'. The others eye roll. INT. THE FAMOUS COCK - MOMENTS LATER 'Fools Gold' by The Stone Roses is playing. The gang lingers at the bar. Gary is trying to get served.
Have it mate. Fanks.
Wasn't thatPETER Shane Hawkins.
Might see if there’s a gym at the B&B. Work this shit off.
That was me. Did that back in '90. 1990. Punched the shit out the wall. Can't remember why. Seemed important at the time. No reply.
You said it mate.
We finish our drinks.
Don't worry, he's probably just trying to fuck Oliver's sister.
We've been through some crazy shit tonight and it's really put things in perspective for me and if it's all as fucked up as it seems, then there's something I need to tell you and you might think this is because I've drunk seven pints of lager, but it's not. I'm in love with you Sam, I always have been and it breaks my heart to see you waste your affections on Gary King.
Oliver with none of the shit that had happened to the real Oliver.
King Gay.
Let him go. He left you man. I can’t.
Oh my god! I'm so cute! I'd fuck me. YOUNG GARY steps down onto the floor and approaches Gary, opening his arms to his older counterpart.
Whoa whoa whoa, who put you in charge? Who are you to criticize anyone? Gary might be a bit of a cock and in fact he is a bit of a cock but he's my cock.
You better believe it big balls.
Yeah, stop Starbucking us man.
They seemed lost at first, children cut off from their parents. I felt a bit sorry for them to be honest. The blanks stumble through society. Some are pelted with tomatoes. Some reunite with tearful relatives. Oliver passes graffiti reading ‘WE ARE NOT ROBOTS’. He gets dirty looks from passersby. He gives them the finger, mouths “fuck off”.
Who the hell do you think you are? Me?Hey! How you doin’ there, big fella?
hippyish. A shit-eating grin. HIS WIFE, CHERYL, is next to him. Projected around them is a WARM SPACE, almost like a high-end LOG CABIN. STANDING NEARBY: COLONEL LIPSET, a grizzled man, about forty-five years old. Lined face, gaunt.Old fuck.
You're hurting me!
Why we always watch this crap?
OWW, GOD, HE BUS' MY FINGERS!
Oww, damn, boss, he done bus' my fingers for true...
Got a new inmate today. Big, simple-minded fella.
Well, I'll be damned. There he is, big as Billy-be-frigged. I thought Brutal was pulling my leg.
Brave little bastard, gotta give him that.
Paul, we're not gonna have some Cherokee medicine man in here whoopin' and hollerin' and shaking his dick, are we?
Do it quietly, you old gink!
As I was saying, I don't believe they actually shake their dicks, Harry. Be that as it may, Mr. Bitterbuck is a Christian, so we got Reverend Schuster coming in.
You are not gonna believe this.
Watch dis! Watch what he do!
A circus mouse! Dat jus' what he is, too! A circus mouse! I get outta here, he make me rich, see if he don't!
Don' look so good, boss. Look like you runnin' you a fever.
G'WAN, SHOOT! SEE WHO YA HIT!
But I needs ta see ya, boss. I needs ta talk t'ya.
What dat man do to you? He throw some gris-gris on you?
Li'l Black Sambo, yassuh, boss, yassuh, howdoo you do?
You fellas comin'?
Been sweepin' floors here ten years, never had to wear no damn tie before.
You shittin' me? Course you pay. Dime a piece, two cents for the kids. And inside the tent there's this mouse city made out of boxes and toilet paper rolls...
Paul, what the hell--
You fellas go on back to you cribbage game.
You a good man, Boss Howell. You too, Boss Edgecomb. Wish I could'a met you bot' someplace else.
Fellas thirsty? Fresh out of the icebox.
My ass you get some too.
Hell, yes, I been behaved. C'mon, now, don't be stingy hogs.
Where you fink you're goin'?
You're a bad man.
Whooeee. Whole room's spinning. Like I'm shit-ass drunk. I have me some shine or what?
Dunno. Tell the truth, boss, I don't know much'a anything. Never have.
He kill 'em with they love. They love for each other. You see how it is?
Besides, confessing don't make it so. Slugs like Wild Bill lie about everything. Crimes they committed, women they had, even the weather.
Better be a plan an imbecile could dream up. Nobody'd believe it otherwise.
I be all right, fellas. This here's the hard part. I be all right in a little while.
Don't know what you're getting so het up about. Just a damn mouse.
Hey, no douche bag talk
You fellas keep an eye on Gertie while I take a shower.
room and closes _her door. GERTIE ..'la.olts up. · She steps away from . the . closet.
I taugh1: him that •
· Is he gone again? MARYjumps outHere’s the plan, Cee: I write a fat report, a rococo analysis of failures and successes. Full of perspectives. Make the fucker’s head spin.
They were dicks.
What the fuck's going on!? Smurf switches off the juicer and pours juice into a glass.
Nicole's a sweetie. Where’d you find her? J finishes pissing and zips up.
Roache says just pull your head in.
You don't have them out there telling people they wanna knock you.
Get off me.
Shit mate, you just missed him.
Fuck, mate. Am I a tobacconist? Go the shops. The shop's down the road.
We're gonna let him run. Leckie nods.
Good on ya, mate. There's really not much to understand. Just, you know... shut up.
Shit, mate.
Stop saying everything's good. What's good now? I got cops on my door all hours of the fuckin night. When does the good bit start? Pope steps to her. He takes the drink out of her hand and pulls her close. She's uncomfortable. They almost imperceptibly slow dance for a moment. Pope whispers.
Leckie notices the tense atmosphere in the hall.
You want me to make a scene? J doesn't want a scene. He stands. Leckie leads him to the door. Eyes track them closely.
I really appreciate your help with my job, mate. I really do. I know how busy you are. I think it'd be best if you skedaddled now. Leckie doesn’t want these men as enemies. He exits.
I’m not a fuckin monkey, mate. I’m not doing that. As this all takes place, Smurf remains in the middle of the couch, watching her boys. Then she turns to camera, smiling.
Twenty-five years ago, where were you Georgie boy? I’ll tell you, a chubby know-nothing, too dumb to get through college. People helped you Fatso, one person in particular taught me and you ranching so we damn well succeeded. George looks down and nods.
I’ve been waiting round for you all day. The Old Gent wants some deed sent to him.
His nibs will be here for dinner and The Old Gent and The Old Lady.
Well it’s about his nibs the Governor. All right.
Well not so much about his Nibs but his Nibs wife. Phil stops and faces George, his mouth tensing a little into a smile and he begins to chew.
I was thinking his Nibs wouldn’t mind so much, but his wife might.
I don’t think it’s going to... The Old Gent turns.
Ah, yeah he’s in there. Gutsy little bugger.
Because she was drunk. Pie-eyed. She was stewed. I’d think you’d know from the books your Paw left you that your Maw’s got a whatchamacallit alcoholic personality. It comes under the letter A.
You’ve got it? What you doing with rawhide?...Natural Gas? Environmental impact’s gonna be a bitch. I don’t like the liability. What’s next? He dismissively flips the page, leaving Wells to quickly shift gears.
My father put Clive Coleman on the map. He built this goddamn bank!
I went on the exact same thing once at Weeky-Watchee. Wells hops on the freighter canoe, rocking the shit out of it.
Look under the bed. I don’t like to see my stuff up in pawns, Kenny. You know I’m sensitive to it. He gets down to look under the bed. See his ass sticking out.
We always talk about our dreams, about the ranch, clean air, big views, our place above it all. That’s what I’m doin’, getting us out of this shitbox.
What the fuck are you looking at? Wells pours himself a cup of tea, hand shaking as he drinks. Then he looks up and sees Acosta coming back. Wells stands, about to apologize, but before he can speak -- CRACK! Acosta decks him. Wells falls backwards over the chair, hitting the floor. He looks up at Acosta standing over him and, in a flash, recognizes just how much this matters to him, that much of his poise is a kind of cover.
Goddamn jungle. Nothing for 200 miles and look at us. Not so bad. Acosta takes in the night. Raises his cup in a salute to the dark jungle all around. They both drink.
JD, where you been hidin’ yourself?
Kay, do you want to work here? Quit all those other jobs? She looks at him.
We’re gonna be so fucking rich. CROSS CUT TO: -- A COMPUTER SCREEN -- WASHOE’S FINANCIALS displayed in GRAPHS and CHARTS. WASHOE’S SHARE PRICE is listed at $6.26. Pull back to reveal WE ARE in -INT. BROWN, THOMAS - TRADING FLOOR - NEW YORK - DAY
Mr. Wells. This is Bryan Woolf of Brown, Thomas, in New York. No shit.
It’s a new day. And Indo is goddamn different.
I’d run off from home, didn’t finish high school--I had a couple teachers who were real dicks--anyway, I was working for a magician -Wells is twenty floors up, smiling at the dazzling fairy lights of nighttime Jakarta.
The way I see it, what banks do, who the hell knows, but what made this country is not tight-asses in suits, no offense, taking the safe way down, it’s guys like Mike and me, who jump. -- TALL BUILDINGS in Mid-Town. Black car. Doors opening. Kay and Kenny exit, Kay feeling great in a new dress, shoes. INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - BAR ROOM - NIGHT Waiters with trays of champagne. Binkert, Owens and Jackson swirling around Acosta and Wells and Kay. Then Woolf is pulling Wells and Acosta away.
Kenny, listen to me -WELLS This is mine! I found it, me and Mike. We were the ones up to our asses in shit and mud and malaria and this asshole offers a minority partnership?! Woolf stays cool, always reasonable.
Well mission goddamn not accomplished. Stanton steps up for Wells.
Kenny? Do you have balls?
Goddammit, Bobby! I told you to sell some.
Exactly. So if I were you, I'd get your butts home before sunset and don't come back out until you're dressed for the occasion. Todd turns and looks outside. It's getting dark.
Spite! Git yer ass in here!
Well what in God's name are you doing down there, Pierce?
Kinky.
Maybe he had to piss.
was only screwin' around! Really.
Git your ass in here!
No shit? And what’d Ethel say?
I don’t like the sound of this one damn bit, Pagoda. I mean, Lord knows I’ve had my share of infidelities. But she’s still my wife.
I’ve missed the hell out of you, my darlings. You know that, don’t you?
You still got that little BB in your hand, Chassie? Chas looks to Royal. He holds up his hand and shows Royal a little round bump between two knuckles. Royal taps it with his finger. It moves slightly.
Let’s shag ass! CUT TO:
You son of a bitch. Frederick?
Chassie’s got those boys cooped up like a pair of jackrabbits, Ethel.
What’s that? Chas points to a spot of dried blood on Uzi’s forehead. Holy shit.
Oh, I’m having a ball. Scrapping and yelling. Mixing it up. Loving every minute with this damn crew.
Ah, shit, man.
Goddammit! That’s the last time I get knifed by you! You hear me? Pagoda helps Royal to his feet. He collects his suitcases. Royal leans on Pagoda as they get into the gypsy cab. Royal says to the driver:
Jiminy Cricket. He must have a goddamn radar in his brain. Richie frowns.
Well, the son of a bitch must be molting. INT. ELEVATOR.
Can’t someone be a shit their whole life and want to repair the damage? I mean, I think people want to hear that. Do they? Royal nods.
I’ve been considered an asshole for about as long as I can remember. That’s just my style. But I’d feel pretty blue if I didn’t think you were going to forgive me. Henry nods.
Commander Krill authorized it.
I got cream pies in the oven, asshole. 34
You'll worry about it now, sailor. You have five hundred whites to do before we get in port.
Maybe Krill isn't such an asshole after all. 40A
You know, Jack. your guts.
Get the damn lights on!
He stares down Krill.
You probably won't believe this, but I have a reputation for being a bitch. Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store- front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One of them is climbing onto the hood.
God damn.    I'll get someone right on it.
It matches the traces in the glue, Frank. We're getting to him. We're gonna nail this fucker.
I don't know about you, but that'd probably put some sandpaper up llllt ass.
and pulls the cur
So they all made a game o Searching the house for the full of hooch as they were.
Big ol' house. Hoodoo folks round here t r y ~ o t their hands on it -long time But some young couple outta Geo a ~ght it up. Prob'ly no id~a
You watch your mouth, young man. And excuse yourself when you get up from the table. Marty is already out of the room.
Plutonium?! You mean this sucker*s nuclear?
Biff — get a load of his shoes. This dork thinks he*s a leprechaun — he painted ‘em green!
Plutonium? You mean this sucker*s nuclear?
You!
All right, wise ass, it*s fat lip time... Marty jumps off his stool, ready for action. Biff throws a punch which Marty easily avoids; then Marty delivers a left jab to Biff*s gut, and slams a right into his face, sending Biff reeling backward into a table.
Oh. Uh... “Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her.” You really think I should swear?
Dammit, boy, you left them suckers in the trunk! 122
Hey, you! Get your damn hands — uh, oh! George realizes he*s facing Biff. Now he*s really scared.
C'mon Frank - you ow ycu need something more.
ere-s Rut h?
Oh,.you know, same old crap. Got held up again, you knew that.
Talk? Who, us? Oh, you mean to each other? What if somebod waked in? They wouldn't recognize us. They'd think they had the wrong house.
You're goddamn right it is. My choice is to not scream at the world. Maybe one of us has to be reasonable here, did you ever think of that?
Asshole, Matt smiles. He's missed these guys.
Remember that woman about seven years a o? Shot her husband sopped him of f t e bridge in the St - Gac-: with a hundred pound sack of cement and said the whole way through it nobody helped her. Know where she is now? She's in Sears ort now, a secretary. And whoever helped her, where the hell is he?
I'll bust you open, you...German!
That's bullshit, son.  But it's really good bullshit.
That Yank is bloody good.
I'm a better pilot than any son-of-a- bitch on this island!  So I'm the one to say this!  Here's to Rafe McCawley!  A better pilot...and a better man...than me.
How come you're not pukin'?
Dud.
You won't need any goddamn hula shirts.
The poor dead fool.
You’re jealous!
Been huntin' the bastard for thirty years give or take. Come close a time or two. Too damn close .•. Loomis looks at Jack Sayer for a time. Jack Sayer looks back. For a second the old man is sober as a judge.
Money talks, Wade. Bullshit walks .••
You really nailed her.
Her reflection becomes that of a six year old boy. Little Michael Myers stands in the mirror grinning. Bloody butcher l~nife in hand. He wears the clown costume Britti holds.
Shut up, butthead. They all move back doim the aisle. Brolcen shards scattered behind them. We see the Shape's face reflected in the countless pieces of broken mirror.
You got to watch those doors corning through like that. Had one shatter week 'fore last -LOOMIS
Almost a year ago. Left their only daughter an orphan. Loomis leans closer.
Get in the car. Loomis turns.
Bullshit, Larry .. , we got this psycho nailed off of Piedmont. Just run behind Jake's Hardware
Shit, Earl .. , that's Ted Hollister's cocker spaniel ... He loves that dog.
Lets get this bastard
Your ass is on my list from now on ... Rachel holds Britti and watches the night pass the right side window. She finally allows herself to relax. Britti hugs Rachel tight. Rachel returns the hug and shuts her eyes.
See these misfits. They're crippled, they're blind, they're poor. That's our army. They shout and the Old Jerusalem will fall.
Who are you woman?
Zealots.
Oh, hello, Deadpool here. You may be wondering whose balls I had to fondle to get my own movie. Rhymes with `Polverine.' Couple'a smooth criminals.
I'd hit that shit.
I get it. You love skeeball.          Apparently more than you love vagina.
Nice tits!
Just rode a bitch's back, like Yoda on Luke?
Believe it or not, this is only the ninth shittiest thing that's ever happened to me.
Babe, we've been through this! Cancer's a real shit-show. A Yakov-Smirnoff- opening-for-the-Spin-Doctors-at-the-Iowa- State-Fair shit-show. And under no circumstances will I take you to that show. I want you to remember me me.
Super fucking bad-ass.
No one's boom-boxing shit.
I prefer fuck-it list: Naked tandem base- jumping with the WNBA's Sacramento Monarchs... Sparking up a spliff with the Olympic torch...
Ass-hat.
Upside of being blind:     I've never seen you in Crocs.
-aaaaaccckkk!! Holy shit. You... are... terrifying. You look like an avocado had sex with an older avocado.
And the only guy who can fix this fugly mug, the asshole who ran that mutant factory, escaped to who knows where.
I'm gonna work my way through his crew... crushing bad guys' skulls, `til one of `em leads me to Francis. Then I'll force him to cure this face. Stomp his bloody guts into a fine vintage. And win Vanessa back.
OK. Not exactly the plot of Beauty and the Beast, but cool. Good news, that douche thinks you're dead. Advantage you. He won't think you're coming. Bad news, with a puss like that, you'll be spotted fast.
Hey, fellas, whoa! Hold on!        Don'tcha wanna hear my terms?!
You guys only work for that shit-spackled Muppet fart! So I'm gonna give y'all the chance to lay down your firearms in return for preferential - bordering on gentle - possibly even lover-like treatment.
Super-penis.
That was Hare's end. Ah, you should have seen him on the streets, when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her!
You were top of your class at Yale, don't give me that shit.
Gentlemen, we face a terrible shitstorm of scrutiny in the days to come. We need answers. Start with what we know.
I'll ask because somebody has to.                    * Is there any chance, no matter how remote, that this was an accident? A mix-up? Weird shit happens?
I know this prick. I'm pretty sure                    * he's one of our C.I.s.
You ain't leaving me here!
Balls.
Dunnigan.
Agreed, but softly. Nothing hard- ass, no grand-standing. Kid gloves.
Don't be such a hard-ass, Nick. I don't want much. Just a good meal.
Warden, man, whassup?
Fellas. For once, glad not to be of assistance.
Shit. I'll be in front of a room full of lawyers. The A.B.A. dinner. I'm the keynote speaker.
You're kinda full of shit, Dad.
Fellas... I'm grateful for all your efforts. I just wanted to say it.
Enjoy your game, fellas.
When I go in front of the cameras today -- unlike some people who seem unwilling to do so when asked -- I'm going to make goddamn sure the media doesn't hang this abject disaster around my neck. Why? Because I'm hanging it on yours.
This lists over fifty shit-value properties in industrial zones that nobody in their right mind would want to own -- stuff around chemical plants, factories. All are owned by Benson Clyde. Look at twenty-two.
Dunnigan.
Where the hell is he going?
Jesus.                                                 *What the hell Alvin!
Where the hell are you Alvin? I can't see a damn thing.
What the hell's goin' on? What in god- damn hell are you doin' on the floor Alvin? What'r ye nuts? You're supposed to be down at Davmar's one hour ago.
Well yah...look at all that braunsweiger.
I hate braunschweiger.
You got some rude habits girl.
And I couldn't handle sittin' on one of them seats for more'n an hour....if that. You all walk like you got a case of baboon butt. Seems my ride is a bit more comfortable.
Oh man. Seventy-three years old. Bad eyes, bad hips.
Criminy sakes alive. You can feel the heat all the way over here.
Remember old man Rumelthanger? What a dirty old cur...never bathed. The smell that came off that man. I tell you, it was enough to make a girl faint.
Jeez you two can bitch. I heard you about killed each other last week over horseshoes at the Dew Drop.
Shut up Danny.
My point is I'm a biochemist. There's no life down here, and you guys are bugging the shit out of me.
Norman, what we have here are two ingredients -- Beth and this underwater environment... you put them together and you've got one big ass bomb.
Aw, man...talking about, y'know, aw...
I’ve got to piss.
You've never been hooked up with someone long term. You take some fucking shots. Clyde buttons up. He gets in the front seat of the limo. A snow plow passes, a thick cloud of snow blows from the road as it passes and covers the windshield. Jack puts on the wipers. After a moment--
‘Cause I talk to the guy.
She’s looking in the mirror. Hash.
WHAT, JACK? What is it you want to say about your asshole friend?
Let me go. Let me fucking go! She starts out of the bathroom. Stops. She turns to him, calm, weary.Many of the Carny folk move away in a hurryCLEM Come on, fellas! I need help! Chop chop! It’s CLEM- handing BATONS and FLASHLIGHTS to WORKERS.
Yeah but how do you know you got ‘em hooked? You pause.
No- no- no more beltin’ the grape for ya, Pete. I promised ZeenaPETE Zeena’s not going to know, Clem. Just one bottle, that’s allClem hands him a quart.
-you got ‘em! They’re back on their heels, whaddya say?
You spike it with this opium tincture. One drop per bottle, that’s all. But oh, now- This is what he thinks is heaven! Then you say to him like this, you say to him: “Well, I gotta get me a real geek. He says, “Ain’t I doing okay?” So you say, “Like crap you’re doing okay. You can’t draw a real crowd faking a geek. You’re through.” Then you walk off.
Clem’s breaking down the new Geekholding out on him. Poor bastard’s got to be half out of his mind by now. 56
I’m closing you down! I ain’t none o’ your thievin’ southern police, kissin’ the priest’s toe on Sundays and raking in the graft six days a week.
Stop, Bruno! You’re gonna kill him!! Come here!
I gave you the initials on that watch and you turned that into a goddamn spook showSTAN Molly, did you see the same show I did? That crowd was on its feet. When’s the last time that’s happened? We give them mentalism and they treat it like a dog walking on its hind legs- but that? That was different. We should beat that into the show.
You were a carny, huh?
Don’t shake your head at me- chump. This is my house. You don’t like how I run things, you can get out... I told you that you didn’t have to work for me or train with me. You asked for that. That was your choice. I didn’t make you choose wrestling- But if you’re gonna do something, you’re gonna do it right. And I’ll ride your ass everyday till you are delivered into your excellence- if that’s what it takes. You don’t like it- quit. Find a job like everyone else or train on your own, but you’re not gonna sit around here and do mediocre work because you cannot afford to... Ronald reads Tyler for a beat and decides to change his tone:
Please leave these people alone, man-
DIS DUDE EVIL
I did? Shit... I’m an idiot. I meant grab something to eat. Obviously- I’m sorry. That’s weird. You don’t even know me, and I’m asking if you wanna get foodEMILY
I fucking love manatees. They are like if cows and elephants had babies that lived in the water.
HELL YES I DO!
Sorry... I didn’t want you to see my butt. What?! Emily cracks up.
No. I did not. Big Tobacco is a big story. And you got something important to say. I can tell.
He sure as hell will.
Let me tell you something, Lowell. Look, look, look. You're talking about two agents in a regional office in Louisville. I got the goddamn Unabomber threatening to blow up LAX! I gotta move 45 agents from all over the country into L.A.  Alright? When I get a chance, I'll give it a look...
I'm staying right here. Doing my job. Fighting to get my show on the air. You don't like it? Hey, I'll tell you what... fire my ass...
Being gay.
Gay?
But Doug thinks everybody's gay. That's part of his charm. I actually think he's bisexual in some halfassed way.
No. But, you see, what I believe is not "ooga-booga bullshit." It comes from first-hand experience. There are people who have possessions, lots of possessions, and they are made miserable by them.He died. About six months ago. A bunch of random shit fell out of a plane. So I guess we’re stuck with Junior over here.
The man was hard headed as fuck.... So are you. That’s it. But at the end of the day, you gotta admit, Pops did something when he made this place. He changed the industry. That’s real. I can’t just let that go.
Yeah... I know it’s a fuckin’ cliche, but I thought she was the one. You know? It’s still hitting him. He nips the emotion in the bud.
They’re either intergalactic travelers looking for peace, or they’re evolved futuristic humans coming back in time to stop us from destroying the planet, or... world killers. Planetary destroyers. That would mean they’ve been watching us; learning... Waiting for the perfect time to beam us up and put a metal probe up our asses. Cool.
AYO! HELP A NIGGA OUT!!!! EXT. HAYWOOD RANCH. FIELD. DAY As OJ and Angel approach, from there Em beams with pride by the back of the horse trailer. A life-sized fake aluminum horse sits in the trailer. A long awkward “Grand Opening” streamer with plastic, multicolored flags hangs off it streaming back 100 feet. She is so sweaty.
OJ, wait. It’s good. We good. He doesn’t know shit.
Oh, man. You guys are doin’ somethin’ shady? The truck pulls up to the other side of the fence which is still 40 yards away. Jupe waves as he steps out. OJ raises his hand. They’re very far.
HA HA! Did you see that?!? Whoa! OH shit!
What? These little punks trying to prank Haywood? It’s on.
Shit! Whattup, Nessie?
Yeah, we’re fine. Look. I’ve heard about you; you’re the shit... American Cinema Magazine says you make the impossible shot, possible. Holst, perusing the footage, stops.
Yeah. Now that you mention it. I’m thinkin’ now I probably been looking at that damn cloud every day for the last six months. He looks at Emerald.
Shout out to these knuckleheads up there. The staff...! Whooo!!!
Nobody wanna talk about that.
Hey. What we’re doing is important, right? Like, what we document is gonna do good. Besides the money and the fucking fame, like we can save some lives or save Earth even right...?
Man, I’m telling you. You do not wanna go that way.
What the fuck is he doing? EXT. HAYWOOD RANCH. VALLEY BASIN. DAY OJ crosses the boundary where working sky dancers become downed sky dancers.
Whoo Hoooo!! Holy shit. Yeahh!!!! Let’s go! INT. HAYWOOD RANCH. VALLEY BASIN. SHED. DAY
You sound like a leftist.
Killing Jews.
He's an asshole.
Hey, O.L., assholes at four o'clock.
How come you know all this shit?
That's a movie, you moron.
Even though his dick is so big?
...Look, he's a skinhead.
What's a fascist?
I mean kiddush. Let's say kiddush. And shave my head, fuck through a sheet, all that stuff...
Because you're a Jew.
Get out of my way.
Management doesn't listen to awards. It listens to numbers. We're not a family-run station anymore, Abby. You're good at what you do, but you've got to get me some numbers. I've got two daughters in college and a son in beauty school. I don't know how much you know about Vidal Sassoon but that shit ain't cheap.
Oh my god. You're a lesbian!
What are you talking about? Albuquerque is 45% Latino.
Lick the Jello off her finger!
He flosses...
And he went to all the trouble to knit you that cock-sock.
So, did butt-boy ask you out?
I don't want a "bitch." And Colin would never be a bitch. He's a well-rounded man capable of mature emotions and deep abiding love. Things which you know not of.
We're giving you bedhead.
Why would I want bedhead?
Bedhead is sexy.
I just don't want to be perceived as a bimbo.
Come on! I wouldn't say that and I wouldn't grab ass.
Hey, sit down, jackass.
So summing up Bonobo-land, the chicks look great, get freaky in bed and in turn, they get to sit on their asses and boss their men around all day.
Dude, you got me laid three times last month. Drinks are on me.
Jay Leno wants me on his show? You're shitting me.
You shouldn't sneak up on a fella like that.
He's likely to do all sorts of unpredictable shit.
No, you're the Boss Hog, Joe.
Your friend's a pitbull.
Well, now, that's bullshit, Joe, you know that, you just tol me you're goin travelling-- I give you the Money now, and you're gone. You gone play me for some kind of sucker? The other job. It's set up.
Gettim over here...
I'll tell you what, you make the decisions, and I'll bitch at you. It's Fun to Play Pretend!
Izzat what they said in the White Community...?
Flirt with the guy.
Eh? Cat got your tongue?   You wanna make peace.
I was in this firefight? One time? Motherfucker, always carried a bible, next to his heart. And we used to mock him. But that bible stopped a bullet.
Gimme a cuppacoffee.
You tell me? You follow us.     Through the roadblock, for chrissake.
Never seen it done n'y better.   You hotwalked that dude so good.Mick will kill him.
I've heard about you. You're the fellah who took Mick Marion apart.
Yes -- and he took Mick.
Come on, get this junk out.
Real tough-looking fellah.
They're all tough till they get to Mick Marion.
Face all beat up --
Try a Goddamn turkey roll and you'll discover how. They're delicious.
Jesus -- guys--
Mom's racist.
Man, did you hear what she said last night? "I never should have done this!" Dude, she was totally wigged!
Please shut up, all of you.
--yeah, into these red trucks, dozens of these trucks -- and I'm telling you, they're scrambling to get the hell outta there--
That's like the third time Dude. Bitchen. that's happened.
-- Some strange shit has been -- d'you call the station going on. My antenna's gone-- yet. You need to call the our dog is gone, he hasn't station. And file a report, come home this morning -- before anything can be done Jack, my lights keep going on about it. And then we can and off. Counting on you, take care of these things. If Jack. you do that for me, I promise you, I'll handle it myself.
Joe -- YOU CAN NOT FLAKE OUT ON ME AND BE A DICK! Are you gonna come help me tomorrow or not? I need you to make Alice a zombie again.
Whatever.
Hey! I gotta take a leak! What am I supposed to do, piss in here?!
Ho ho!!! You dorks are alive! I didn't know...!
Hop in, man! But you should know: I am massively stoned right now.
He's too stoned!
Oh shit, Martin, you gotta bone sticking out of your leg!
-- damnit!!!The Oyo have entered our lands. They have broken the peace. When they come for the tribute, we will not pay it. The council reacts. The male general, the Migan, glances harshly at Nanisca -- what the hell has she said to him?
The Agojie are ready.
All our lives, they tell stories of the Agojie. That you have magic. But you look like a regular old woman to me.
You are called to join the Agojie. We claim victory, or we claim death. The women react.
You wish for a different weapon? Nawi reacts -- “shit.” Nanisca takes her own machete out of her belt. Hands it to Nawi. Gestures to the TWIG DUMMIES set up in a row twenty feet away.
I would work on that rope. She walks away. Nawi almost growls as she ties the shit out of the damned rope. 33
I was born in a brothel. When I had fourteen years, my mother put a sign out to sell my virginity. Izogie looks at her. There’s a coolness, a distance.
Agidigbi is a friend of the court. You know he is protected.
The Dahomey Amazons. Virgin soldiers. Bloodiest bitches in Africa. Nawi turns away as her comrades pass A SMALL GROUP OF OYO WARRIORS on horses, watching the AGOJIE with leers. The Agojie line up across the square, in one long row, twenty women stretching almost to the fort’s gate. The scores of people in the square can’t help but watch the events unfold. Nanisca and Amenza step forward. The Agojies place the basket in front of them, step back into the line. An OLDER MAN, an Oyo Bureaucrat in robes, approaches.
My father is white.
Tse-tse. You run like a sloth.
So you're Oonagh's boss?
Sorry. Vulgar American.
Shut up, Harvey.
You're the American.
Now, don't you go messing her around. Don't you hurt her.
White Plains.
You - you just dive in wherever, deep end, whoosh. But, I'm not your bloody swimming pool Harvey.
Let me get this straight. You chase so~e two-bit thugs onto . our runway, they crash into my plane, and i t ' s ~ fault?
Somebody's gonna figure that girl
You got ae fired!
What can I do for you gents?
Goddamn it, Sinclair! Stop!
Patsy! You scared the livin'.,. heck outa me. i
have herpes.
You kicked ass in the pool this weekend.
Ellis, Can I borrow you for a moment? INT. HAGGERTY'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Haggerty and Cheever behind closed doors.
There's a sick congressman from Illinois in DC. He just got back from Chicago. The governor there is gonna call out the National Guard and try and do some isolation. They're closing Midway and O'Hare. Some rumor on the goddamn internet about it being in the water.
Cover your mouth, brother.
Shit, I left mine in the room. Beth offers hers.
you little piece
you!!
to get comfortable. Whaddya
It is the work of untouchables.
Every one of you.
These men are contracted laborers. They belong in the mines.
Go on, Charlie. This is Indian talk -- we want none of you imperialists.
What the hell is it, Sergeant?
I say ignore it. Let them raise their damn flags, let him make his salt. It's only symbolic if we choose to make it so.
Hello! Ed! Ed! Goddammit, don't cut me off!
Get out of my room.
Get out of my room.
You're not a bitch.
Chut up.
Chut up.
Chut up!
Leave her alone, man.
Chut up.
I'm not. But you should check your backpack 'cause those guys like to steal shit.
Raspberry. That's good shit.
Smurfette doesn't fuck.
Dammit, Donnie! Why do you always gotta get all smart on us!
I didn't say shit.
Shut up, Kim!
The old crazy woman who lives off Old Gun Road.
But what you've got to understand, son, is that almost all of those people are full of bullshit... and they're scared of people like you. Because you're smarter than all of them.
Hungry Hungry Hippos.
Frank is going to kill.
Only pussies drink keg beer.
Holy shit...Strip away all that shyness, that klutziness, that feeble indecision, and underneath beats the heart of a rampaging stud.
Hey. J.J. ... what the hell day is Halloween ...
You've just been sittin' on your seat, foureyes.
When? Where the hell have you been, Mac?
Where the hell is he, anyway ...
Oh, come on, man. You know I was just messin’ with you about that. Besides, I know your personal stash will be the good shit. Jawari hesitates, then pulls a fat bag from his pocket. Rainy grins from ear to ear.
Thanks for helping me off the shitter. 15
What are you doing, man? Let’s get out of here. Notta holds up the wallet. Rainy grabs it, backs away.
Shit, I shave twice a day.
I do. Once when I was hiding out from the police, I was stuck in the woods for weeks. Nothin’ but goddamn trees everywhere.
What about you, shy one? You know anything about this? She shakes her head.
He was ninety. Maybe mouse shit was his secret to longevity. Why don’t you eat some, cowboy?
Loud ass birds. 32
Hey, fuck you, Zulu. Jawari just laughs more. Starts rolling a joint. Rainy fights to compose himself. When he calms down enough, it’s like another personality washes over him. He chuckles.
I’ll take two bucks and you calm the hell down, how’s that sound? Rainy grins. Sets his sights on David.
I’m not gay.
You can’t tell if someone’s gay just by looking at them.
There you go, man. Just mellow out. Rainy sticks the joint in his mouth.
Damn, Rainy, your old man had a big set of balls on him.
Oh, darlin’, stop it. You’re turnin’ me on. 49
Who the fuck are you? Cheyenne.
Who the fuck are you? David.
Fuckin’ tree! BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG! He fires round after round as he closes in. ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE TREE Audrey, back to the trunk, holds Cheyenne tightly to her while bullets riddle the tree. BANG, BANG, BANG! Pieces of bark explode on both sides. Then... silence. Audrey listens. Starts to peek when... Rainy’s face pops up. Boo!
If it... hadn’t been... for that... fuckin’ tree. He falls over the edge. Tumbles down the drop and splashes into the water. Cheyenne and Audrey climb up into the woods by the drop. Audrey gazes down, stunned by her own actions. After a few moments, she realizes something.
And you’re a fat drunk, Ted. Heyyyyyy..
Dudes - seriously - you don’t have to pull guns on us.
Deacon - what the hell is going on??
Seriously dudes, you can’t just let us get killed.
Dunce.
Whatever for? Why we could populate a country town with country girls who've borne you sons. How many is it? Help me count the bastards.
Gosh, fellas, look at those big innocent eyes.  What do you think?
"And fortune, on his damned quarrel, smiling, showed like a rebel's whore."
Oh, you poor dear.
There's an old train line under the New Government Building.  It collapsed when they poured the foundation.  You could haul in enough TNT to launch our Leader's ass all the way to the moon.
Derek.  I'm sorry.  I know I can be a bitch.  But that's why you're here, isn't it?
The one with the tits?
I had come to know every inch of those four walls in that dark hell and they knew every inch of me. Every inch...
That I am, misses.  But I'm the pig that's gonna be running this country.
Oh, I knew it, Mr. Finch.  I knew you wouldn't desert me.  You're a good man, Finch.  A damn good man.
I'm sure you won't. But rules is rules. I don't make 'em. I'm just the manager. It's too late for this shit. David pulls out his driver's license... trades it to Mason for the key.
No. The asshole in the room beside us keeps banging on the walls. He won't stop.
Okay, I got ya. Every once a blue moon some drifter or college kids'll crawl through a window for a night's sleep. Cleanin' lady'll find some trash layin' around... shit in the toilet. Don't usually cause no disturbance though.
I'm ass-tired of just shootin' at crows.
What sort of a gent doesn't like to help a pretty girl? Hm?
I know what's what. You have to if you're a barmaid. I like a bit of fun, as the saying goes. But when a bloke grabs you sudden-like with nasty notions in his head, it's time to put your foot down. (grabbing her side, Leaning against
Poole, you blackguard! Would I?
This gent here wants champagne.
There's a gent in Box F what wants you to serve him and old Figg says you're to do it.
Who you pushin'?
Sitting here waiting for him all the time - like in a cage! Come on out with Freddie and me and the kid. We'll go to the Empire and the Alhambra - where all the toffs go where everybody's laughin' and gay --!
Well, Marcia, sir. She says it's ever so gay.
Somethin's happened! He's latherin' the hide off her!
Very well, Lanyon. But remember your vows to your profession. You'll see a secret you are sworn not to reveal...you who have sneered at the powers of science - you who have laughed at man's ability to dissect his own soul! Watch this, you pompous ass! Watch this! 248
OKAY... OKAY. BUT IF I LAND THIS THING UPSIDE DOWN. AND I LIVE. I'LL HAVE YOUR BUTT!
On behalf of your Captain and your crew, I want to thank you for flying VF101. And next time your plans include the middle of the goddamn ocean in the dead of frigging night, I hope you'll think of Naval Aviation.
Why Goose, whose butt did you kiss to get here?
Flaming Hooker. Sort of an institution around here. Or maybe this is the institution, I forget which. It's the house drink. It'll warm the cockles of your heart ... and other things depending on where you spill it.
No shit! That why they call him Ice?
We were just really diving down and by then we were right over downtown Haiphong.  It was some great shit. Jack says, "What are you doing?" "What, what am I doing, Jack?" He says, "What are you doing?" I said, "I'm rolling in, Jack." "Bugs, we're at thirty-two hundred feet. Oh shit, we were like zooom... So we scraped down at hundred feet right over--downtown Hanoi!  Oh shit, goddamn it! And blowing down the river. And so once we were there we let down to about fifty feet just going down the river and Jack says... "Bugs... don't ever do that again!" "Okay, right, Jack, I'll never do that again!"
ROGER FOX TWO. GET YOUR BUTTS ABOVE THE HARD DECK. RETURN TO BASE IMMEDIATELY.
Keep your shirt on, he's saying holy shit it's us.
Goddamn, rookie, you're all right!
Bandit at seven o'clock low--solo. Take him. Pull on the goddamn stick, man!
Goddamnit, Mav, you really are a slow learner. Don't worry, Fung, I've got it.
...Likes to break at 600, 'stead of 300 knots. The Air Boss hates him. One time, he came over the deck at two hundred, shakes the shit out of the bridge. Lifted Johnson right off his feet.
Boys, the prick punch is not a toy. I learned that in 'Nam back in '68. "Callahan," the sergeant said, "put down that prick punch and go kill some gooks."
Suck it, virginity pledges!
Awww. Leave Pony Tail Derek alone.    You put the "ass" in "class," Patrick.
Holy shit. They are!   They're playing good music!
Piss off, Tennessee Tuxedo.
Where the hell did you go?
You know Charlie, I used to sleep with guys who treated me like shit. And get wasted all the time. But now... I feel like I have a chance. I could even get into a real college.
Excuse me, everyone, but you're missing some hot "fag on goth" action.
I called you a faggo--
But they ain't never nuthin' happens out here, Mister, not that's fer the nooze papers. -- Is they?
But if ye don't mind me askin', why how come ye coms to Rawmpr? Ain't nuthin' ever happens here.
Jest get busy with that skinnin', son, loud talk never proved nuthin'.
Too bad. Poor feller just ought to leave cards alone.
Mister, ya got sumpn' there.
Reckon I'll throw in with you, Johnnie, you look like a mean man to have agin ye.
What the divil're you talkin' about?
I don't know nuthin' about you and I don't give a whoop where you've been. All I got to say is I don't know what you're drivin' at. There hain't never been nobody killed in this room.
That's the dod-dangdest Swede I ever see!
He ain't no Swede.
Well he says he's a Swede anyhow.
An' then he sez, sez, 'Oh', he sez, 'I've got to bring thim along to hould the jackass,' he sez: 'He don't like it.'
Come, git over there.
Looks like to me he's bound to fall off one side a th' hoss or t'other.
Yah, just a bonch a louts.
But this ain't no domp!
I thing that Swede had something.
We'll let 'em fight. I can't put up with it any longer. I've stood this crazy Swede till I'm sick. We'll let them fight.
Git back off the ice both o' yez.
Git out o' the road.
Please! Please! Quit it! Le' me be!
Crazy ye are, jist outa yer mind, an' him a man twice his age an' size, the great bullyin' murderer...
I'd like to fight this here Swede myself.
Stranger, I don't see how you come to be so gay around here.
Stop! Bill, you shut up!
Mister, if you're tellin' the truth, you're makin' yerself out the yallerist coward ever I seen.
I s'pose that Swede's your idea of a hero.
Now, my boy, take your hand off my shoulder and go 'way and mind your own business.
You ask me, that feller was lookin' for trouble. An' he sure found himself a plenty.Let's not end it like that. It's been an amazing three and a half weeks.   Thank you. And you should know that you have the nicest ass I've ever been with.
Sitka.
Look, I came to this town alone and with nothing.   I've worked my ass off for fifteen years and this guy wants to ruin me because he wrote the shittiest book of all time?   No way.
Hell if I know.
I wish she hadn't.   I mean she almost caught us.   Damn, that was close. Like a pig in shit, Richard continues to dig in and doesn't pay attention to Margaret.
So now you know I'm a petty asshole.   Am I trustworthy again?
Yes, everyone at work thinks you're a lesbian.
Hey guys. Holy shit.   Did Margaret hear anything?   Her face gives nothing away.   Gertrude and Richard act like nothing just happened, but look guilty as hell.
Your boobs are bigger than mine ever were.
Eleven years old. Precocious. And a pain in the ass.
Man, that babe's a looker. Love t'see her in a G-string and pumps.
No shit Sherlock.
Holy shit. The two take off, running down the corridor.
Once I can overlook. Twice I can call coincidence. Three times I start giving a shit. Because if these products are defective...
Hump`n dump crew. Nice fellas.
I t ' s a platinum bond, Janeen. We get this, I'll buy you a new ass, okay?
And what did that sexless fool tell you?
-- He doing her?
Damnit Tommy!
Next time don't be such a smart ass --
-- With all the affection for the man I can tell you he doesn't know fuckall about terrorism, or the Mideast, that I don't put on his cue cards. What he's expert in is his own survival. You get my meaning?
Only the crazies. I tend to be suspicious of all true believers.
Tariq Husseini, this is the United States Army. You are surrounded.
Tariq Husseini is my prisoner. I want to see him.
The Sheik.
You don't know shit. Poor suffering Sharon and her poor suffering people. It's called "going native" -- the most elementary error of an intelligence operative and she made it. She had all of you working for her and she was working for them without even knowing it. And now they're getting exactly what they want, which is the Sheik will be back in the mix. But ten times as strong, because now he's the big man who stood up to the Americans.
We've been working our asses off.
Yeah. She moves like she has a pickle up her ass.
I gave 'em to Norma here. C'mon, Howard. Come get your tits. General laughter. grabs him, totally Howard!
You doi.'t look
They These contractors. never pay their bills on time.
tell nobod:,- my secret ingredient
Next time you girls come slumming, bring some fake ID's.
Arryway, I think you' re a genuine shit for gossiping about him like that.
I'm proud of you. You've really worked your ass off. 88
Knock yourself out.
Get your ass in gear. You're late. Don't forget we've got rush at the Deltas tonight. Don't wear anything you don't want trashed. Sid? Sid?
I need two minutes at six o'clock. I wanna do a piece on the slain kids - no sympathy shit - let's stick with the movie angle. I wanna pull a clip from an old film...
You've got a hard-on for Cameron.
... this week's TKE kegger...
It's hell week. Chill. The movie murders have brought out the crazies. It's nothing.
Hey, you? HELLO? HELL0?
Just some asshole trying to scare me.
failed relationships with - I'm guessing balding, older men - have turned you into this bitch with a cell phone. But I bet sometimes, late at night, when you're all alone a sadness seeps to the surface and in a moment of clarity you know that all you really want is to be touched and held and fondled.
Don't do anything stupid, Cotton. You've come to far.
Whatever.
Please, Cotton, don't do this.I'm always so confused by Aaron. Is he brave and earnest or just a conceited little dick-head?
Move away from me.
I don't like the word gay.
Ravenous homosexual.
Oh, you're the gay guy.  I was just coming to find you.
I know...I mean you didn't do anything special for me tonight.  You just had what I think are good manners, decency. And it really makes me want to be nice back and it has nothing to do with any homosexual thing.
I like you as much as I can like anyone who thinks I'm an asshole.
They canned me.  Well, my brother will feel great -- now he's not the only screw-up.
I'm going to miss you -- you're a prick in a great way...
It's a pity they don't have any "To a bastard at Christmas" cards.
It gitting cold, Chuckie. Game's not worth the dime.
Parents? I ain't got no parents. I named myself.
The world is our bitch, right?
Soon as we taken care o' Mrs. Podunk you and the Spanish dancer can hit the next mall. But first you fakers best haul this rider out of the filth.
Yo talk a real mob threat, Chuckie. But what if she gone already?
No Chuckie, you ain't.
You a window shopper little brother. You ain't never even done the old in and out before.
It Bulgari, dude. My Dad's bitch bathes in it.
Tomas an Huey never called me a pussy.
And that's hot, hell yeah.
None of them was real ass outlaw. No, not in the way you are. You're the real deal, lady.
I think you feel threatened... Hellboy stays behind- thinking- thinking real hard.
Slo-??
We better go swimming before any more ugly fellas show up- He stares down into the swirling waters and discreetly takes his hand to his bandaged side: He's bleeding. The wound has re-opened.
No= please- no- Hellboy moves away from him.
His mistress. We lmow all about her.
-- If you fellows can 1 t lick the Vandam:::ns without asking girls like her to bed down with them and !ly away with them and probably never come back alive, maybe you better start learning to lose a few cold wars!
But they caught the guy.  I heard it all.  Sounded like he just went berserk, fucking loco.  Shooting anybody.  Drugs, probably.
Yeah well, you just blew your tip, pal.
Is that a wig?  Shit, I hate wigs! Wigs are the worst part of this job. I'd rather dye my hair than wear a wig.
Oh!  I got a question.  Jesus, this has been driving me crazy for years -- shit, listen to me.  I sound like some fucking fanboy.  I'm sorry, but I just got to ask you.  Everybody talks about how you left the Agency and got into the business and then how you went after the Russian, Nicholai Talinkov --
Jerk.
The point is, they are paying for information.  Real information.  Not tooth paste brands.  Not whether he wads of folds his toilet paper.  And no 16 hours of recorded phone sex. You are wasting everyone's time with this shit.
Oh shit, Nikita.
Because you are a women.
You must understand how Hollywood was twenty years ago. Nobody cared a tinker's cuss who slept with whom, so long as you kept it out of the papers. Outside of Hollywood, who knows who George Cukor is, much less what he does with those boys from the malt shops along Santa Monica?
Gimme a break. I'm going to sit on my ass while he draws pictures. Is that going to hurt him?
You picked up that girl right in front of me.
I 'ish you 'old 'e 'ooner.
Oh, but we were a witty lot. Laughing at our dead. Telling ourselves it was our death too. But with each man who died, I thought, "Better you than me, poor sod."
She has flates.
a:1d :<enny sai,-1 yo1..1 now
You little hoodlums. Boy, could I go for a slice of Maletta's pizza with his sausage and all that extra cheese he used to use. Oh! ma.
Fuck!! Daniel doesn't waste a second. Ee breaks loose and heads for the gT,11. A moment later Johnny exits furiwee. The Cobras take off in pursuit. ous, soaking 49
I NUED)
His knees goes white. Kreese's anger across his face. He begins laugh with him. You got balls.
balls, old
To find King Jerk. to stop.
How score if knocked on ass?
You betrayed Wakanda!
Whoo ..· You 'r e gonna be rich , boy .
lands outside the WAKANDAN
Who changes position from the bar to the CRAPS TABLE where T'Challa was initially standing .
No, a Wakandan .
He's not a Wakandan . He's one of ours.
Is this man Wakandan or not?
W'Kabi looks at T'Challa closely .
Snap out of it T'Challa!
Young Killmonger flips down his lip , touching his tattoo .
You know, where I'm from, when black folks started revolutions , they never had the firepower or resources to fight their oppressors . Where was Wakanda? Hmm? Yea all that ends today. We got spies embedded in every nation on Earth . Already in place . Killmonger stands and walks looking each of them in the eye.
For Wakanda?
What? ! Man what the hell is that?Thirteen million Londoners have to cope with this, and bake beans and allbran and rape, and I'm sitting in this bloody shack and I can't cope with Withnail. I must be out of my mind. I must go home at once and discuss his problems in depth.
What happened to your cigar commercial? Withnail: That's what I want to know. what happened to my cigar commercial. What happened to my agent? Bastard must have died.
Balls to Monty we're getting out. Withnail: Balls to Monty!? I've just spent an hour flattering the bugger.
He's right Withnail. Look at him . His mechanisms gone. He's had more drugs than you've had hot dinners. Withnail: I'm not having this shag-sack insulting me. Let him get his drugs out.
No, we're not we're here and we're in the middle of a fucking gale. Now you'll have to keep a look out your side. If you see anything tell me. Get hold of that map. Withnail: Where's the whisky?
Give me the key and get out of the way. Withnail: If I don't get aspirin I shall die here on this fucking mountainside. [They enter the house. I lights a match and finds a lantern which he lights. As the light comes up the inside of the cottage becomes visible. It is rather spartan.]
Oye, wake up you bastard you've got to get wood. [Withnail enters, dressed already and wrapped in a blanket.]
I tried to get fuel and wood, there's a miserable little pensioner down there wouldn't give it me. Withnail: Where are we going to get it then?
Stop saying that Withnail, of course he's the fucking farmer. [To Parkin] We're friends of Montague Withnail, we desperately need fuel and wood. [The farmer shakes his head, bewildered.]
Montegue Withnail, you must know him. Fat man, owns the cottage. Parkin: Ay, seen the fat man. London type. Queer sort. Think his name's French or something. Withnail: French!? Parkin: Ay, Adrian de la Touche. He hasn't been up year for couple of years. Last time I saw him, he were; he were with his son.
I can't. Those dreadful, beady eyes! They stare you out! Withnail: It's a bloody chicken. Just think of it with bacon across its back! Right, I'll deal with this. You'll have to get its guts out.
Well that can't be sensible can it? The bastard's about to run at me Parkin: Well he's randy!
If the Crow and Crown had ever had life it was dead now. It was like walking into a lung. A self-sustained nicotin-yellow and fly-blown lung. Its landlord was a retired alcoholic with military pretentions and a complection like the inside of a teapot. By the time the doors opened he was arseholed on rum and got progresively more arseholed until he could take no more and fell over at about twelve 'o' clock.
i was dreaming Withnail: you frightened the piss out of me. move over
Hasn't heard a thing. They're still seeing people. Withnail: You don't want to go to Manchester anyway; play a bloody soilder.
I don't know if I do. Bloody good little theatre that. Withnail: It's not much of a part is it. They'd make you cut you hair off.
Well let me tell you something Withnail, if he comes in my room again its murder and you'll be held resposible in law.
A trip to the countryside. D: That is a very good idea. London is a city coming down from its trip and there's going to be a lot of refugees. [Presuming Ed laughs deeply] D: Did you realise this gafs overrun with rodents? When I came in I saw one in the oven the size of a fucking dog.
No way, no fucking way. D: That is an unfortunate political decission. Withnail: What are you talking about Danny? D: If you are holding onto a rising balloon you are presented with a difficult political decission - let go while you've still got the chance or hold onto the rope and continue getting higher. That's politics man. We are at the end of an age. The greatest decade in the history of mankind is nearly over. They're selling hippy wigs in wolworths. It is 91 days to the end of the decade and as presuming ed here has so consistently pointed out, we have failed to paint it black.What do you think you're going?! You ought to be ashamed behaving like that!
Get your hands off me!
I don't want you goin' back to those subs. I'll tell you that.
Good idea, Annabelle. Your ol' lady just saved your ass.
This isn't abstract, Annibal. You're walkin' around with his face. Sooner or later one of the bad guys is gonna see it like Koj did, and next time Amos won't be there to take the bullet for you. Carlos doesn't forget. You help me get him or you're never gonna know when he's comin' after you... Listen to me kid. I don't have any friends, no family, no nothin'. The only relationships I ever had that mattered to me were with the people I killed. But I... I fucking created you! You can't just walk away now.
Some hard nuts operate up there, Jack. They won't take kindly to someone from London poking his bugle in.
No. Frank was a good bloke.
It's a bloody funny thing. You know a bloke for six bloody years and all the time he's as calm as gentle Jesus...
Bloody good bloke. One of the best.
Frank was a good bloke. It's the least I could have done.
Piss off, Ray.
Harry! Jack, I don't want to be rude, but these men have brought a lot of money with them. Glenda, you don't offer a man like Jack a drink in those piddling little glasses.  Give him the bloody bottle.
Clever sod, aren't you?
Let's stop pissing about.
Listen, I'm not in the mood for bloody silly buggers.
Listen, I don't like it when some hard nut comes pushing his way in and out my house in the middle of the night.
I hope she's got understanding neighbours.
be nice if the bloke you were after was the same bloke I wanted off my back,
One of my lads gets a bit over- anxious and flogs some machines in a club that's already got some. The upshot is I've had to eat shit and stop flogging my machines to other clubs.
Are you coming in? Or do we piss about all day?
That's no excuse for being a pompous ass!
You know those flat wide nails that pedophiles have?
He’s not sexting, he’s texting.
Literally a thousand people sent it to me. Someone hacked his shit.
Yeah, remember in The Deathly Hallows when Bellatrix low-key rapes Hermione? So it’s an AU crossover fem slash rape revenge where Hermione uses Nancy to trial by media that bitch. It’s fire.
Fair enough. There’s a beat as Bex thinks BEX Granted his suicide was like gnarly as fuck. So raw.
Well, what are you gonna do. Sex is healthy. At least they know we have a good relationship. Although, I’m gonna be a little weirded out if I hear Allie playing with her dolls tomorrow saying “tell me I’m a filthy slut.”
I don’t know, you’re right. It’s probably just Mark being a dick.
It’s amazing because honestly, I thought Chief Patterson would be up to much shadier shit.
He’s so much sexier when he keeps his mouth shut.
No, I don’t fuck with carbs. 60
To feel connected. And safe. And loved. To feel protected in a world that doesn’t give a fuck if you’re unique or special or talented or beautiful? - Sarah braiding Em’s hair. Bex’s face hiding behind a sunflower.
If you’re asking me, there’s a reason these people were targeted. They’re up to no good. I mean, no cyber attacker is releasing the information of boring old me. Even if they did, what’chu gonna find? A whole lotta biddin’ on eBay. A COMMENT WAR breaks out.
Yeah, Salem’s own ‘lil porn star!
Someone’s got a nasty mouth.
And you promise to never try to lynch another girl again?
Sure. But it doesn’t hold a fucking candle to your righteousness. That’s the real sickness here. WE START TO SEE VARIOUS SHOTS OF MASKED TOWNSPEOPLE COMING FROM ALL DIRECTIONS and GATHERING OUTSIDE OF LILY’S HOUSE.
Bourbon neat and a Perrier, dammit!
Jeff. Listen to me. You can't retire. Florida needs you. I need you. I need you on rates. I need you on regulations. I need you on those environmental nutcases --
No, smartmouth... I mean someone who made something of himself.
Homer!    Get your ass over here!
Loretta! Get off the damn phone!
"This better be good." Loretta! ON LORETTA on the pay phone, moaning in Swedish ecstasy.
My friends, I want to tell you about a town where the streets are paved with gold. This is a town where the marks give you money before you ask. A town where they take you to dinner after you fuck 'em. A town where when they need money, they just print more. This is a town where a guy bounced nine hundred checks and he didn't even have to skip town!!!
Van Dyke.   You remember Willie Sutton?
I found this shit in the library. You know how much a congressman makes? A hundred and thirty a year -- and that's just base pay for getting your ass elected. Then there are these things called PACs, and these lobbyists, whose whole point in life is to buy you off. It's the con of a lifetime -- and the damn thing is, it's legal! This is hot, people, we can do this!
And how exactly were you going to get your butt to Congress?
She said, 'If my grandmother had balls, she'd be my grandfather.'
Where the Hell did you learn to speak Yiddish?
And I was actually in the audience when he said, 'If you people would just get off your dead asses and look for work, this country might be fit to live in again.' Powerful stuff.
You bums got time on your hands.
This is fantastic, Reinhardt. I haven't been here five minutes, and you're shaking me down. God, I'm gonna love this town. You're hired, man. Just tell me what to do next. I don't want to miss out on any of the good shit.
The rest of us are out there on the campaign trail, raising money, kissing ass, making speeches, dragging our butts from place to place -- and he slides in on pure name recognition!
You got a CD?    Shit, I missed that, too.
Opportunity knocks.    This town is the fuckin' Yukon. A stunned silence from Dodge -- then deep and generous laughter.
Not screw up.    Amend.
Most members would give their right nut for it.
Congressman, I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but... you're black. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
Hey, how you folks doin', good to see you, Van Dyke making you comfortable? Tommy hits a button on a tape deck, turning on some EASY
Let's get serious, fellas.
Give it a rest, Tommy. You've got a great jump shot. But everyone knows you're Dick Dodge's boy.
That's not true. Some people here actually try to do something besides save their own ass.
You don't understand. We're not tourists. We're constitutents.
Yeah, the system ain't perfect, but the fleas come with the dawg.
President in trouble like that, he's liable to do something desperate. Some damn fool stunt.
You know, Eli, sometimes people do things they regret. Everyone makes mistakes. Fact is, Dick's been under a lot of pressure lately --
You know why no one on the Hill drops a dime on anyone else? Mutual assured destruction. Our little gentleman's agreement. Everybody has something on somebody, so nobody has anything on anybody, because everybody wants to save his own ass.
They think I'm a pompous ass.
We gonna git that sucker.
Dick always said I should think big.
You people gone soft on me? Bunch of fuckin' incumbents I got here. Now listen up. Thursday morning Dodge has a breakfast with the Arts Caucus in the Longworth Room. Armando -- find out how fast I can get from Longworth to my office. Loretta -- we need some scoop from the EPA for the roper, I'll give you a list. Van Dyke -- call Hattie at the Silver Foxes, and --
Dick, wait a minute -- shouldn't we check out the tip? Make sure the EPA's really going through with this investigation?
This could mean six figures, Dick. Dodge says nothing, but makes his eyebrows fly.
Shouldn't we be heading off, Dick?
Have you tried the oysters, Dick?
I'm a con man. A small-time con man. Do you know what it was like for me to come to Congress? It was for like dying and going to heaven. If I did back home the kind of scams I've run in Congress, my ass would be in Sing Sing. But no, I'm not a crook -- up here, I'm a distinguished gentleman!
in an American accent
Most people assume are racists.
You poor thing. They kiss. She hands Silvia makes a face.
damned.
Your janitor's real name is Adimba Nujoma. South African.
they? Lud looks
you restricting
Deep. Confidant. into the Punk.
Cut him loose. The D.A. says you ain't got shit on this guy.
You're going to fall over you damn fool. Macleod turns around to find a rather pale Cavanaugh standing behind him.
The Kurgan was a pussy.
Queer.
You'll crap real logs if you keep eating wood.
You're so busted, dude.
I think you have to have a door between where you cook and where you crap.  Like even in the bush, tribal people and like that have a place for both.  It's like a law.
I'd rather sell my nuts to a castrati.
The goddamn traffic.  Were we going out to dinner?
She wouldn't even fucking go out with until she was sixteen.  I mean, that's not even a rule, just her own thing.  She like figures things out on her own and then that's it.
Go in there and lick his attitude.
He was a prick when I was six, and he's a prick today.
I'm not gay.
You're off, you know?  You're way, way off.
God, you look like crap, George.
Why do you let your dog crap on his lawn, day after day?
Talk of damnedest things. Your first name's Hildy/ but in ~ • • let's see -- ummmn — in nine years/ I've forgot your last. Miller.
Oh come on.* You know it.
You darn fool — Tucker went to them already.
Bastardli i LOW ANGLE - UP AT MARIAN
Not one damn thing, Lieutenant.
Spot o' redeye, pard?
I'm an- old-fashioned patriot, Frady. I have faith. I ain't scared of dying for my country. Shitl You might as well threaten a status of Nathan Hale. CONT,
You were saying when the phone rung — you know this Trumbuli, huh?We are here, Mr. Thierault, because of the nun you found at the Abbey. Oh. Shit.
That isn’t how I left her. Waitwaitwait... They both look over at Frenchie.
Are you hurt, Sister? Shakes her head. She looks over at where Frenchie lay.The McKenzies hadda go oot of town.
Can I use your bathroom? INT BATHROOM - NIGHT Wallace stands above the toilet, taking a looooooooooong piss. He looks around at the bathroom decor.
So I was trying to see who answered the door, all staring through the peep-hole, watching like a creepy fuckin’ podiatrist... BLACK & WHITE FLASHBACK WALLACE’S POV: 6 carts and 6 Bell-Men block our fish-eye view of the hallway through the peephole.
I do it for shut-ins, sir. I do it for all the legendary puss-holes like you who’re too scared to live the great adventure of life. So count on me to sniff out the shit that’s more real than real and come back to tell you all about it.
What’d I say? C’mon, Ally - why do we gotta do this every time? You knew the deal when we got together. I said from the jump that if we’re gonna do this relationship thing, I still gotta be able to do weird shit - just so I can have stories to tell on the show. That’s how I earn my living, okay? Doing fucked up shit for the podcast is my career. You know this: you started out as a fan.
Of course there was. A Brown Recluse. Colloquially known as the Hobo Spider.
I have, over the last few months, been constructing... a realistic walrus costume. Holy. Fucking. Shit. A tear runs down Wallace’s cheek. Howe stabs a piece of steak and eyes it for a moment.
All of them ‘ave ‘oles this big...
the wings to fly. The Wallace-Rus cannot believe where the fuck he is in life right now. He’s beyond fear and sadness: he’s letting go of his humanity, howling. Howe continues his soulful song, petting the Wallace-Rus.
And the dangerous man who take ‘im.... I ' m just a little spooked, that's all. He looks at DARREL, embar:-assed..
Man, that was a tuff car. are tuff.
You ain't a'woofin'.
Nup, pal, yer the ones who'd .better watch it.
You're gettin' to act more like Two-Bit every day.
Geez, man, what'd you do to yow: hair? Your tuff hair ... PONYEOY almost cries, as SODA.POP sits him down and Qrushes oack his hair. Then he looks up:
What the fuck is a meerkat anyway?
Yeah, I'd totally fuck Meerkat Todd.
Wow, that's even bigger than your ass.
Olive Penderghast.
Get out of my office now.
Yes, I'm a big whore.
Yeah. Like the exact moment you turned into such a BAD ASS? I think I'm in LOVE with you.
Because Gibbons is a homophobe.
You know, I read this article that said with this whole EMO movement, it looks like - that in a few years - the gay kids are going to be the most popular ones in school.
From your seedy pre-pubescent closet romp?
He's gay.
And you're a jealous virgin.
Oh, this'll be good. That snotty office aid has been bitching about her incessantly.
You're up, hoss.
The funny thing is: the whole time this shit was going down - people calling me something I knew wasn't true, my best friend included - I couldn't help but think how I could have come up with better signs. No one even bothered to use alliteration or, God forbid, irony - not even a single acronym - and that seems a lot more unforgivable than my sins. 73.
Olive Penderghast.
Olive Penderghast.
I think so. For instance, I, too think Nina Howell's a twat.
No. Not tonight. I don't want you to kiss me when mascara's running down my cheek or some shithead has forced his tongue down my throat only a half-hour ago. I've wanted to kiss you since the eighth grade, but I want it to be perfect. And right now, my life's a mess. I need to get it under control before I drag you into it.
Oh my God, did you hear that Brandon ran away from home? Yeah. Totally. He left his parents a note that said: `Eff you, I'm gay.' And then he skipped town with a big, hulking black guy.
Me too. You guys fucking rock. 105.
Just say `effing' instead. We effing rock.
~eed a hand ~ith this rasca:,
Damn! ART
Because you're a hardhead, Bernie. You're the most :rightened man I've ever known.
You old Oastardl
Forget it Sloe.
Slevin.
Say man, you got the time? Slevin looks down at his watch.
I get mugged all the time.
And you get mugged all of the time?
Slevin.
Equine.
Sure I do white boy.
Something about not shitting and eating in the same place.
Frisk him.
Sure thing. Elvis, Sloe and Slevin walk away.
Who are you talking to? Slevin turns around to find The Boss standing behind him.
What happened to your face? SLEVIN
Now what? The Boss and Slevin exit the freezer. 80
Slevin.
What happened to your nose? SLEVIN
What'd Slim do to get deaf? SLEVIN
The Mute punches Slevin in the stomach. Slevin drops.
you must. SLEVIN
I tought he vas in prison?
I tought he vas deatt?
Veet dat beeg scar?
Nutting?
Vat'd you do?
Only against being force fed by fat, Bulgarian women.
You're just gonna waltz over and say, hi, my name is Slevin, some bad dudes think I'm someone I'm not, and this someone owes that someone, and now I have to take you down you to save myself from an early grave?
Shit Marty, the kid went to the bathroom. Our boy's making a move. 129
Slevin unlocks the bathroom door and exits.
I told him I would. Slevin enters.
No? Slevin shakes his head NO.
Slevin? Slevin shakes his head NO.
Hey Brikowski, It's Murphy. I was drawing blanks on that name you gave me, Slevin Kelevra. I was working late when old Harry came by to shoot the shit. He recognized the name Slevin, but couldn't place it. He called me about an hour later. He said in '64, the fix was in on a racehorse at Belmont. The horse died ten yards from the finish • The horse's name was Lucky Number Slevin. Slevin ain't a guy it's a dead quadruped.
What’s up with your bumchum in the cart?
realises he can’t move. He looks back at Davy) Davy, ramming speed! Davy knows this is a bad idea.
This is the gayest thing we’ve ever done.
you bastards done to my room? CUT TO:
You make a cup of tea and it gives you real pleasure! Then you ruin it. Why not finish it then get off your arse and make a whole new cup? Bill laughs, but it seems James is angry.
You speak for us all. I need a piss.
Well, that’s niceJAMES Davy, you’re desperate to be needed.
Right. Are we done? I mean I think we’re done now. Fuck it. I’ll run back. Bill runs on, or vice versa. One of us will get there. We might see a boat orDAVY Shut up Miles. We’ll be fine. James focuses on Davy’s eyes. He smiles as much as he can manage.
noise you made when he got you in a head lock. Miles looks at him and then can’t help laughing. Neither can Davy. There is a silence.
Stop playing Cheers, Dick.
I just wanted to thank you for my Villa. Odessa told me all about it. It sounds so pleasant. Villa. That guy was a real dick.
You know, I wonder sometimes... you had to start work so early. Orange Julius. Then all through college. At Avis. Then Pizza delivery. That shitty pizza. Then at this company.
You know, studies show that people who spend a great deal of time fantasizing and daydreaming, doodling and shit they’re not really that happy.
Walter. Seriously. What the fuck? What are you-WALTER I’ve been looking for you. Sit down.
There was a Mitty there, but she’s a black woman. Okay
I am Walter Mitty! I’m a man! I need to just snag my briefcase. I’m a man! Let me do my fucking job! Walter has fought through the cops, now he fights through the horses to reach his briefcase. Horses!
I think you two are a pair of potheads.
You are freakin' me out, man. Why?
Bubba, I am not gonna sleep with you.
Either of you seen Holden? Boy is out on his ass!
Hey! They think that I'm in on it, too! Corny's got a camera in that storage room. That Bible thumpin' pervert's been watchin' us the whole time.
You know pal, she's She is the one!
Your stwmed silence is very Roz slithers
puce.
Get your hands
YOU GOT YOURLIFE BACK# lane!
Wazowski?! Where is it, you little eyed creetin?
We have to relocate. The penistree smells like barf.
Twins. The fucking movie is called Twins.
I'm telling you, those girls are morons.
No, no. It's badass. We're totally doing it. Nadine grins.
Erwin Kim is your new lover. Shut up.
Whatever. That guy on youtube with the hundred pound Elephantitis balls is your new lover.
Wow, sounds like you're really runnin' shit, Jerry.
Of course it is, fruit's goddamn hilarious. Welp, we'll be at the blackjack table.
God I'm so bummed Futch isn't here for this raging fun time.
Oh shut up.
"Ahhh, income tax sucks so hard" and I'm like, "you should see my commute to the office." And then we order Vodka Gimlets and bitch about our husbands pissing on the seat.
No, it's interesting. You have a major shitload of freckles, too.
Hey. I'm the only who calls my sister a dumbass.
I think I've almost stamped out the Erwin barf smell for good. This stuff is industrial grade, they use it on bum piss at the Third Street Promenade.
That's crazy! They're not even that fatty! Whatever, you know what, fine. I would, I would never touch another goddamn peanut butter cup as long as I live just for you. In fact, I'd have them all put on a big boat and dumped in the middle of the ocean because that's just how much of a good freaking friend
I like animals a lot. We don't really have any except for a cat who shits a bunch and it gets old. Someday I'd really love to own a monkey... A monkey?
Uh... alright. As Erwin gets up his nerve, Nadine finds a seat in the theatre, pulls out her burrito. Erwin starts out slow, then gathers confidence, until finally breaking into an awesome rendition of Come on Eileen by Dexy's Midnight Runners. He jams on it, adding a badass beat-boxing element. Nadine drops her burrito, watching him in awe. It's absolutely fucking incredible. When he finishes, she gives him a standing ovation.
I can't believe you just beat-boxed on that thing. Who are you?!
What the hell are you talking about, Nadine.
Oh whatever, you love every minute! Oooh, I have five million new Facebook friends, look at me, I'm hot shit all the sudden!
I'd steal nuts. I'd totally steal a nut.
That's my new thing I do, I tell people really obvious shit like they don't know it. That nice green stuff outside is called 'grass.' It keeps me entertained. Krista laughs at how weird this is.
Gayest song ever.
Cool, and Futch's Uncle's gonna pay for our limo 'cause he's superloaded and wants to fuck Jen. Jen nods. That's right.
She forgets her name but she's hairy and kinda looks like a humanversion of Alf?
Candy canes taste like shit.
-- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just give me a second. I gotta’ take a piss.
Damn.
It’ll take two seconds. I swear, I’ll stop this masterclass in cockblocking right after that.
We are the Neanderthals now.
Barabbas. Deliver Barabbas up to us.
You!
You shameless wench ... how dare you speak to me like so? JOHN is the one who now steps up and grabs the man's wrist as he is about to hit MAGDALEN.You're American.
You've made a creation of Place Pigalle, a whore with volcanic appetites.
Montez. On y vas.      Nous allons etre en retard.
These are the best damn Nachos in North America. Maybe the world!
Oh. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of scum out there on the streets... but they all deserve a fair and costly trial.
Yeah! We'll fill out all that shit.
I know it sounds silly, but would you leave first... wait in your car? I come here a lot and I wouldn't want those men to think I'm "easy"... a slut who'll jump into bed with anyone at the drop of a hat. But if you leave first...
And a damn good job, too. One of 'em even did it in Spanish.
Speak Yiddish.
No. Call me Angel Tits.
You been hangin' out with Dick Tracy, haven't ya?
I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see?
All right, old man.  Christ.
I think you'd better give your pooch a sip. He looks sick.
Hey, your ... what the hell happened to you?
A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose?
Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?
That's a Ford, not a Ferrari.  You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford?
...and a waitress named Flo.  Christ.
Then maybe you should've. Look, pal, I wasn't making a play for your girl.
You know how that Toby is.  Thinks every man he sees is after his Jenny.
Sure, when the sons of bitches tried to steal her wedding ring. That's when she started shooting.  Can't blame her.  The ring was all Carlos left her when he died. Store's a mess.
Sergei, what are you, a Neanderthal? How many times do I have to tell you?  You answer a phone "hello," not "da."
Mr. Arkady, honest, I ad to beat it outta there before the cops showed. So now I don't have a cent to my name. I can't even get my car out of the garage.  I tell you,
Get your ass down to this Superior, Arizona. Bring me this Bobby Cooper. I don't think he got the lesson. This is your last chance, Sergei.
How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before. Jesus Christ! You want this job, you don't know how to do this? I guess I should have hired a professional.
kiss. Nice pussy y'see, see it coming. I don't know what it is about the desert. I figger it's sort of like putting a kettle of water over a fire.  People is mostly water.  We boil when it's hot.  'Cept when we boil the water's got no place to go.  It just churns inside of us until we can cool off.  If it's not too late.
You gonna pay for that, Mister.
The goddamn sign on the wall. I can't do unauthorized work?  What am I suppose to do? Just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket.  Then you get in an accident and get killed.  Or worse.  Who they gonna blame then?  They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
I don't give a damn about the money.  I want you, and I want to get us out of this shithole.  There's only one way to do that.
Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark. All cause of a woman who made me this way. People are afraid of what they can't see. I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me.  Kiss from a beautiful woman, kissy kissy kiss, a lick from a dog, slurp,
You got a lotta philosophy in you, old timer but you don't fool me for one second with all this blind man crap. One minute you lost your eyes in Vietnam, next it's the joint. Now it's a woman? I'm hep to you.
I like Darrell.  He may be an idiot, but he's my half brother. We own Harlin's together, yeah, that little redneck manages to get paid no matter how things work out.
You been workin' me the whole time.
Fuck me baby!
What the hell ... oh, it's you.  Might've figgered. Listen I got a waitress coming over.  What do you want?
...Cause I never had any luck with women, Grace. You don't know what I been through. The shit I've taken. I thought you were like the rest of 'em... but when you came out of the house... well you're here Grace and we might be starting in the shit but we're starting where I never been -- together with someone -- together with you Grace.
I have enough sense to see bums don't have chains. Bums don't have rings.
Chris wasn't no half-ass hustler. EXT. FULTON STREET - DAY
Chris was like a cat dating two chicks. One chick was Hip Hop. The other chick was Drug Dealing.
The thing is, hip hop was his chick on the side. Selling drugs was his wife. He and this cat named Rob, found out crackheads in Raleigh were shelling out twice as much cash for rock than they were in N.Y. So they went to see for themselves.
Uptown's paying the bills but Bad Boy is my shit. I wanna make it like an East Coast Death Row. You feel me? But we can't build a label on an artist who's locked up or dead. Can we, Mark?
I need some happy shit.
Don't burn your food. Voletta angrily crosses away, leaving Biggie to mull it all over. "UNBELIEVABLE" BY BIGGIE SMALLS KICKS IN. "Live from BedfordStuyvesant. the livest one. representin' B-K to the fullest. gats I pull it, bastards duckin' when Big be buckin' ••. " INT. JAN'S APARTMENT - DAY
Big ups, dawg. On everything you've done for me. Know what I'm saying? Schooling my ass to the game, letting me share the stage with you so the whole world could see I'm the best rap artist in the game.
Ma, why you gotta tell her that?
What the hell is wrong with you! That's my friend from church.
God's way of seeing if you could rise above the bullshit and rise to the occasion.
Always fuckin' problems! EXT. HALLWAY - DAY
That’s cause I’m in great shape from going out and dancing my ass off every night. CELESTE squeezes her close. ALBERTINE wipes some tears off her face.
Hold on a minute. CELESTE grabs a bouquet of flowers from a vase in her room and sets them next to some hotel stationary where she jots down a crudely written “I’m sorry I was a bitch” and sets it on a rose.
You look amazing! CELESTE smiles, seems focused, less fucked up than before.
That’s right, bitches... As some of you might have heard, Celeste is Latin for... “heavenly.” Do you find me heavenly? She suddenly strikes a new pose.
You are out of order, Citizen Delbrel!  You are out of order!
You always get that shit?
Whacha mad a t ~ for?
sticking forlornly out of the prow of the deck. Oh, shit.
Hank!! Guy's here for the mystery bitch!
Dean, c'rnon man, let's get outta here --
She has no tits.
Hovel! Hey, hey! Pretty snotty words for a little girl off a pig farm.
You son of a bitch. Hey, man,
Get your ass dressed. It's my babydoll's birthday, and I'm taking her out on the town. She smiles at him.
She puts up with my shit.
it, for three months I combed that coastline ... then when I got back to that pissant little town, I ... I don't know how to explain it, I just got a tingle ...
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
For being a bastard with no manners and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise, O my Brother.
Yarbles, great bolshy yarblockos to you I'll meet you with chain, or nozh or britva, any time, not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless. It stands to reason, I won't have it.
A big black mark I tell you for every one we don't reclaim. A confession of failure for every one of you who ends up in the stripy hole.
We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other, so around we come to your abode.
Oh, the old moloko-plus first, would you not say
Cut the shit, sonny, and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble. He rocks the giant phallus which has a special weight swinging inside causing it to swing up and down an eccentric motion.
Right. Right , Tom, we'll have to our little friend, Alex, here that we know the law, too, but that knowing the law isn't everything. He nods to Fatneck.
That was for your lady victim. You ghastly wretched scoundrel. Alex grabs his balls. Alex is beaten by the other Cop. Inspector exits to outside office where Sergeant sits, sipping a cup of tea. Deltoid has just entered.
And where are my stinking traitorous droogs. Get them before the get away. It was all their idea, brothers. They forced me to do it. I'm innocent.
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
Come on, sing up, damn you.
It had been arranged by the prison charlie, as part of my further education to read him the Bible. I didn't so much like the latter part of the book which is more like all preachy talking, than fighting and the old in-out. I liked the parts where these old yahoodies tolchock each other and then drink their Hebrew vino and, then getting on to the bed with their wives' handmaidens. That kept me going.
No, no, no. That's enough. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
If I might offer a word of advice, Doc. You'll have to watch this one. A right brutal bastard he has been, and will be again. In spite all his sucking up to the prison Chaplain and reading the Bible.
I have complete faith in Brodsky. If the polls are right, we have nothing to lose. Lights are dimmed. Enter Lardface, an elegantly dressed fag.
I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me, brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember, Dim?
You know, a Chigro&emdash part Chinese, part Negro&emdash Chigro.
I never forget a pussy...cat.
Damn it, man!  You're talking about my mother!
Only sailors use condoms, man.
Well they should, filthy beggars, they go from port to port.  Alotta meant nothing to me.
Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was gay.  Women loved him, man.  I didn't see that one coming.
Out and about, doing odds and sods.
Listen, Vanessa, whatever happens, I just want you to know that I feel bad about shagging that Italian girl. I had a sip of sake and all of the sudden, I don't know what happened. The whole time I was shagging her&emdash I mean really shagging her, I mean it was crazy, I was like a huge mechanical piston, in and out, IN and OUT!&emdash
Margaret Thatcher naked on a cold day!  Margaret Thatcher naked on a cold day!  Margaret Thatcher naked on a cold day!
You know how I spent last weekend? Walking his damned dog.
Damned right, you crazy Wop!
So, you still picking apart cockroaches?
Makes us look more American.
Then what the fuck are you doing? JAN lost in thought, then a hopeful look at JOSEF.
Where were you Curda?
••• and it's really hung me up, too. Like -- they wanted me to believe that there was a band ••• of dedicated perverts ••• who spent their whole lives in trick positions •••• just waiting for them.
-••• oh, I gotta tell ya about the first time this schmuck •••
You're jealous!
This here is the same car Ike and Dick drive in. You take it from Fat Boy. Almost new • Used only one time in a suicide pact, so there's just_a lil' lipstick around the exhaust pipe.
Whaddya want? What's shakin'?
Ohh ••• you have such a cute ass. SALLY
the school ••• okay ••• but more important ••• what came out at their trial was ••• that they're damn good teachers ••• and it takes years to make a good teacher ••• and I'll tell you something else ••• there wasn't one incident reported where a kid came home and said, "Today in school we had ,five.minutes of geography and ten minutes of cocksucking."
Ah, but you can't just put •Tits and Ass Nitely• up on the marquee. It's dirty and vulgar.
You can ' t do a shew like tbis. LENNY
I don't care if you are a cop ••• you got a cute ass anyway.
Two minutes to get onto the 101. Transition to the 110 to the 10 and exit on Normandie is four minutes. North on Normandie is five minutes. Two minutes to South Union 'cause there's roadwork. Thirteen plus one for "shit happens."
Over by Slauson.
Yo, whassup?
My hands are taped to the damn steering wheel!
Yo' homie...
...this informant of yours, what's his name, Ramone?
Besides, Ramone flew out a window. My C.I. flew out a window, he's got Felix's handprints on his ass. Yes? That makes it ours.
...I was a young cat back then, about nineteen, bussin' tables. Right here. Didn't pay but shit, but that wasn't the point. Being around the music, that was the thing. And I was. Take this one night...July 22, 1964...who walks in. Mr. Louis Armstrong.
How do you think? You ain't shit when you playing next to Louis Armstrong. But, Dippermouth, he was kind. He could see me trying. He carried my ass as best he could.
You played him, man.
We're gay lovers, what's it to you?
You gotta get cash together. Insurance, bond, maintenance, tires. Staff-up. Client lists. It's not get the car, put asses on seats.
I'm Max!   I'm a goddamn cab driver!
Slow the hell down!
Get your hand off your gun!
Breasts and thighs in six months...
West coast swing-- I gotta get out there and kick some Japanese butt.
Whitacre storms out.
Whitacre puts it all together. He is outraged. He turns on Cheviron.
Damn right. Whitacre picks up the phone. It's not Sweden.
They don't have the balls to mess with ADM.
We can't be manipulated by these Goddamn buyers. Thank God we have them, but they are not my friends. The men all nod. Whitacre appears pool side and begins to unbutton his Hawaiian shirt. Wilson turns to Ikeda.
We have an old saying at ADM It's like that game on TV that applies here. It's where one guy knows a word better to have the elephants and tries to make the other inside the tent pissin' out, one say it... another word for than outside pissin' in. "deal"...how about "consensus," or "understanding." Maybe they'd take "deal"-- that's like "agreement."..
Then we'll let you fellas get acquainted. Everyone leaves except for Dowd and Whitacre. Dowd gives Whitacre a warm, knowing look.
And they sawed the locks off the door like, like mafia thugs.
The "fuck you" room?
Boeing, ticker BA... Big Ass. Goodyear, ticker GT... Great Tits.
No swagger in his step... not in a suit... hair not slicked back... but still looks fucking good. As he waits for the applause to wind down... and even a little longer... surveying every corner of the large room... commanding its full attention... getting it... holding the silence... until finally... he leans into the mic and says...
What the fuck is pancreatitis anyway?
It's been a bitch of a month, my friend... tell me this visit does not bring bad news.
'rhanks again!. ltAmY
Well, I'll feel like one when that's what they st~t calling me, instead of George ... which I gotta admit is better than that M:'. Lutz crap they all gave me at first. Kathy has to laugh.
tired of fighting this damn sticky paper. Ne.~t time I'm going to list en to Tirf mother and get the old-fashioned kind that you tack do~-u. I always forget what a pain this is.
Where's your mot.'ler?
Who let you in? What's the matter, fella?
Well, I'm a very well-funded old son of a bitch.  You go.
Piss.
speak to your ln ..sband?
Not in my hou~e.
We went to Tonv's opening school nighc:. "no".
•.• Name somethin; you wane!
I hope you did your ho~ework.
Do you think I'm discouraged? Defeated? Do you think I'm gonna get upset at fourteen unimportant negative reviews •.• You bet your ass I am, baby. Woops. Sorry. This apartment is
Jesus! ••• Sometimes I can get damn furious with you. Paula
It's pug! Pug! It shoots straight down then turns pug at the last minute.
I think we got ourselves tuation here.
Could you shpeak up, pleez?
Dude! I can't believe I get to party all night, and then, tomorrow ...I get to sleep in! It's almost too much! And FYI, if anyone gets really drunk and craps themself, just let me know, I can have you cleaned up and partying again in under three minutes. No joke. I am a master of stool removal... They rocket off into the desert, LAUGHING...
Two GAY MEN in identical tank tops pass by, holding hands.
What if Doug called her? She might know where he is. Stu shifts uncomfortably, tenderly adjusting his ass.
What do I think it means? Well, Stuart, your ass is all torn up and you're wearing thong underwear declaring your love for another dude -- I don't think we need the CSI team for this one! You got reamed last night, man! Stu covers his mouth, horrified!
Oh my God, guys: what if I'm gay?!
Oh god, that doesn't mean you're gay.
No! We're not gay!
Yeah, no, you're absolutely right, Vick, I've always secretly wanted to marry a bottle blonde with big fake melon tits named Chastity!
What the--?! They look up to see two MASSIVE SAMOAN MEN in loud Hawaiian shirts, KALOLO FANALUA and KIKIOLANI, 30's, standing on either side of the car. And they look pissed.
Vick, don't be a dick--!
Yeah, I really like her, man.
Dude, I think your wife's mad at you.
Good call on happy hour, Chastity. These tacos kick ass.
Just then, a BUFF WAITER in assless chaps blows by, smiling.
Some of my best friends are gay.
Oh! Hey guys! He hugs all of them. The guys make sure to keep their asses arched back to avoid genital contact.
I don't even care! Hug me, you big shiny homosexual!
Yeah, man, our Doug is white!
And all day he's been throwing his crap off the roof, trying to signal someone to get him down!
We did it, fellahs. We pulled it off.
Shut up, Vick! Alan, where the hell have you been?! I've been calling and calling! What, you don't answer your phone anymore?!
this wanna know about.
nu thin'
You with nuthin' is they got .. Jimmy
There's nuthin'
you got 'em talkin'.
Dude's old enough he should be talkin' 'bout cetirement' Brooks
We played a couple times that lamp place. On Bowery. That guy’s showroom. All the lamps and shit? Galaxy.
Why the hell not?
How do I talk to you, Arthur? So you hear me? Like a child? Like a nut? Like everything’s fine? What’s the secret? Because I need you to hear me.
Then hear this: You need help. Before this gets too far, you need help. You’ve got great cards here. You keep your clothes on, you can pretty much do any goddamn thing you want. You want out? You’re out. You wanna bake bread? Go with God. There’s one wrong answer in the whole pile and there you are with your arms around it.
No. They looked. There was paperwork all over the place -- walls and shit -he had stuff up all over. But no note. Could be an accident. Or he was gonna write a note and just messed up...
It’s got to be an accident. No note? Arthur without a note? Guy couldn’t take a piss without leaving a memo. It has to be an accident.
I never had sex with you!
You're a whacko.
You're crawling around like a--
Ow.  Shit.
Shit!!By the late 60's the government finally cracked down and sent the whole thing underground.  Bikers controlled the market for a while.
Don't pay her no mind.
Somebody has to help you lazy bastards.
And he has a really hot ass with hardly any hair on it.
You, madam, are a heartless wench.
Bobby laid his own tracks.  He could have gone quietly but he played the hard-ass con till the end. And as far as I'm concerned, he wife and kid are a hell of a lot better off without him.
Shut up, Garcetti!
Get in, hoss.  We'll talk it over.
Man, Danny, how do you keep your shit together so tight?
You. You're smooth. You use words like dire and shit.  You got language skills, man.
Tangfolio semi-automatic.  This a 9mm too - seems to be the weapon of choice - try one and you'll understand why. Rubber grips, adjustable 3 dot sights, 4 and 1/2 inch barrel, 33 ounces.  Check out the eye-catching extended beaver tail just above the grip.  Got mad-ass double action and a surprising 16 round magazine. Mister, I want to sell you this gun and I can hook you up for the low price of 200 dollars.
Where the hell does this guy live anyway?
Fuck it.  I'll send it to Oliver Stone then. He'll get them to reopen the bastard.
Who the fuck are you, Dr. Joyce Brothers?
Okay, let me help you.  You're setting up a deal with a Chinese redneck. Quarter of a million.
Who the hell is Jimmy?
Who the fuck are you? Dr. Joyce Brothers?
We're coordinating with Palmdale P.D.. We'll have your sorry ass covered.
Pull your pants down.
Damn straight.
Can I pull my dick out now?
Can I pull my dick out?
Took a pig-slicker to the heart.
Did you know that Liz and I got into an argument the night she was killed? I acted like an ass and I never had a chance to apologize to her.  Do you know what that feels like?
I was a breach birth. They tried for hours to turn my little butt around. But I wouldn't let 'em.
Ass first into the world.
You asked me how I always keep my shit together. Well, that's how.
Hey, you did the right thing. You wouldn't have stood a chance against these boys by yourself. They have eaten your ass alive.
Can you do me a favor? This girl I know, her boyfriend's a real piece of shit-dude's really jamming her up. I promised her I'd try to help.
Don’t be such a pussy. Katie shoots her a look. Wren reaches in and clicks play on the laptop. THE VIDEO EXPANDS AUTOMATICALLY, FILLING THE ENTIRE SCREEN. - IT STARTS TO PLAY: Footage of A FOREST over a dead silence. Almost a still image, but the mist slowly drifting between gives it away. A sinister glow from the screen up-lights the girls’ faces as they gaze into the display. Hypnotized. - Shots of ISOLATED LONELY TREES. Towering pillars that rise into a darkened canopy. Twisted branches cutting through the night sky.
Katie was using Tor? I didn't think she was techie enough for that. It's pretty basic, but still. This is like deep-web, dark-net-type shit.
Then we have to do this because we all got into this shit together. I mean Katie is our best friend. And we're the only ones who might be able to help her...
She’s fine. Just a cold... Tom nods and focuses back on his notebook. Wren locks eyes with Hallie. Gives her a “Get your shit together!” look.
Goddamnit. Where is she? THEN MOVEMENT UP AHEAD. THE GIRL APPEARS IN THE DISTANCE. Hey, wait!
Let’s go, goddamnit!!Why? 'Cause of Navy? Don't worry, Irish. They not gonna hurt me. I work for those guys.
Deck Machinist, twenty-year vet. Guy just opted out, middle of the night. Left a note in his cabin. "Tell 'em I went for a swim." That shit always spooks a crew.
Friggin' New Guy.
Enjoying your break, Fellas? They eye him without alarm. Or chagrin.
No. I want you to show our crew a Goddamn map. He gestures to a MAP on the wall.
This guy doesn't scare worth a damn, does he.
Friggin' New Guy.
Colin! Get the hell in here!
Probably. Damn it.
If you really need to know, I'm sort of a half-assed Catholic.
Cap, you get in there with them, you ain't comin' out.
Cap, enough of this already. Get the hell outta there. We can take these assholes.
Just wanted to tell you - we all did we owe your husband our lives, every guy on this ship. He got in that lifeboat to save us, and you should be proud of that. He's a brave son-ofa-bitch, Andrea; and he's gonna outlast those guys, I know it. He'll wear 'em down. Last we heard he was doing okay and in good spirits. So you stay strong, okay? He loves you. He'll get back home to you.
Then, from down deep, a quiet voice pipes in. "Excuse me. But I think I'm the most important body part." It was the asshole talking. The pirates eye one another, mild disbelief and amusement.
You shut up, Irish!
You don't listen to this!
Fine. Long as I don't have to tie anymore Goddamn knots. ...which is when we hear something new from them. They begin to CHANT. It's low, guttural, ceremonial. A tribal chanting, their bodies rocking a bit - much scarier than being hit.
-- Who built this bloody plane?
Then shut it down -- and retargetHow do you say “Big Mistake” in español? As Hellboy steps forward menacingly -MEXICAN #1 You are the one they call the Hellboy, no?
Look, fellas, I’m sorta on vacation
Abe! You beautiful blue bastard! Hellboy?
Here, take this. A plane is already fueled and waiting. And remember, Hellboy, these are old acquaintances of mine. Try and behave yourself.
You sure you wanna go in there, mate? Pardon me saying, but you don’t seem the type.
You’re sure I can’t offer you one? We designed them especially for hunting giants. Hellboy raises his big ass HAND CANNON. I’m good.
The girl who saved Hellboy. Who the hell are you?
HELLBOY
Which means whoever’s behind this is now a step closer to putting Humpty Dumpty together again.
Like hell you are.
The Major’s right, Hellboy. This is neither the time or place for one of your little walkabouts.
A little louder, Hellboy. I’m not sure they can hear us coming.
S’okay. I fight a lot weird shit too. Hard to keep track of it all. With a loud CLANKING SOUND, the Iron Gates begin to open.
Don’t you ever stop bitching? Daimio appears, also dressed in a B.P.R.D. uniform, only his seems different, made from some sort of stretchable material.Look, the thing is... when I get up there, in front of people, all I can think about is, “what if they laugh at me, what if I embarrass myself.” I’m not in the moment. But you... I mean, shit man, you’re amazing! Tommy sits back, listening.
“Have I, sir, the honor of a visit from that illustrious god, Jupiter Tonans?” Greg looks up. What the fuck is this play?
Why, what is problem? Babyface is cool guy.
What’s problem? You don’t want to share a bed with me? A very long beat. Greg looks like he might shit himself. Then, Tommy smiles...
Miramax would fellate this guy.
He just called you Babyface.
No shit! Wow dude, that’s... good for you... Thanks man.
Together. Greg and Tommy lock eyes. They’re fucking doing this! AND WE CUT TO: INT BIRNS & SAWYER PRODUCTION SOUNDSTAGE - DAY One of Hollywood’s best known rental houses for professional filmmakers. Equipment, stages, you name it, they lease it.
Your sister is lesbian. My... what?
Dammit! Cut!
I am American. Just like you.
So who’s playing Michelle then? Tommy didn’t think about that. Oh shit.
“Everything goes wrong at once...” CUT TO: ANGLE ON TOMMY’S PRIVATE BATHROOM. Raphael comes out. He looks both ways to make sure Tommy didn’t see him. He totally just took a shit in there. Mission accomplished. CUT TO: EXT BIRNS & SAWYER STUDIO Claudette and Juliette sit under the lights, sweating bullets. They’ve seemingly been waiting a while.
Yeah no shit, Malcolm in the Middle.
“You look like a babyface!” ANGLE on Sandy who looks at Raphael who just shakes his head.
“You look like a babyface!”
I’d forgotten how hard you squeeze, Peggotty. You’ll have the marrow out my bones.
-She’s done gutting.
Peggotty says your mother’s a lady.
You done your gutting?
Mr DICK!
You have heard me mention my brother David Copperfield? BETSEY takes DICK aside. JANET back in now. She picks up a plate of cakes.
Good morning, Mr Dick.
Sorry, no I don’t. King Charles’s head? MR DICK nods. Points to his own nodding head.
We’ll banish that mob, Mr Dick! 87
Good afternoon, I’m Mr Dick. I am very partial to gingerbread.
As am I Mr Dick. I adore the fiery taste. Delighted to meet you.
Could you confirm something for me, if you wouldn’t mind? DAVID, JANET and BETSEY do the ‘not now’ gesture to MR DICK. He doesn’t notice. My head... Yes?
Is that why you fly them on your kite, Mr Dick, to rid yourself of them? Precisely.
Mr Dick, you look like you’re playing the kettle-drums.
I do, Mr Dick. I’m touched that you remember. 98
Kicked misfortune in the britches! May I still call you Daisy? No. Ha. 118
She’s just there Trot. Looking very beautiful I think. Go speak to her. DAVID heads off. DICK goes to follow but BETSEY holds him back, and steers him away.
It’s not a stupid kite, Mr Dick. It’s a splendid kite.
They’re hardworking toilers of the sea.
Don’t huss Agnesh. She’s sort of my kind of sister in a sort of way.
So Mr Dick suggested we come here.
Mr Dick, can you cast any more light on what has happened?
Well, the day before yesterday she said, “Dick, I am ruined.” And I said, “Oh, indeed!” And then we travelled here and had bottled porter and sandwiches.
We’ll get your kite in the air Mr Dick, and banish any sad thoughts to the skies. Agreed? Now, let’s try to keep a cheerful countenance.
And you with her. Quickly packing before they lose their belongings to the walls. Last thing to be grabbed is MR DICK’s kite.
Good. I don’t want to swing a cat. BETSEY gives DICK a little smile.
Send word if that louse’s mother knows where they’ve gone. They jump on the cart and set off. 167
So you are to be a labourer now, you bad boy? Balancing on a plank all day with a wheelbarrow? It’s all nonsense!
The street is too full with people to get a good run with my kite. At a road junction, MR DICK goes to carry straight on.
Alright, you can have the damned squeezebox. For eleven shillings. Hang on - no - twelve shillings!
Oh! Good morning Mr Dick.
Something’s about to be made right. DAVID crosses to her, BETSEY’s there with the letter, PEGGOTTY, the MICAWBERS, MR DICK all close around Agnes.
Uriah Heep’s fate is in here. But I need your help. Gather around. A beat. They’re basically already gathered around. A slight shuffle from MR DICK to show willing.
Well done, Mr Dick!
Mr Dick cracks it again!
Whatever your knowledge, you and your father have supped very well off the backs of these wretches. DAVID puts an arm around AGNES. For the first time we see her lose her composure.fella, your girlfriend?
Are you gay? wouldn't bother me. My grandson's gay, I know all about the gays.
You gotta I'm not
You know what your you're
MARGO
Arnie, everybody knows your first wife was a klepto.
Dude, they
You are a WILD manl
Look at him. He's in love slutty hunk of rubber.
She's my girlfriend, go off like that! Karin
Mahgong, kick you butt! No, Nelson, Lars
You hear, General?  Some people remember you.  You're a surly bastard and still they like you.
Twenty years I've led men to die. For me it was the glory of Rome. But that was something.  If it wasn't that, then it was the pay or the loot of the next whore -- but that was something!  These men here are butchered for laughs!  Their lives are like jokes delivered in the back alley theaters where their death is a punch line!
Caesar must have promised Tiger if he helped him he could flog his crappy chariots in the Colosseum
They want to dump Tiger and have me endorse their damned chariot, right? They don't waste time...
You seem to be doing a great job of it single-hand!  Narcissus, the Republic is dead.  You think those Senators could govern?  For the last hundred and fifty years they've worked hard at kissing an endless succession of Imperial asses!
That pig!
I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me.
You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin.
I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth.
Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit.
It's that nut of yours.
As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman.
I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.
You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother.
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
Oh yes, honey. Getting to be smooth smooth smooth all over. Smooth as a baby's butt.
No. I married a midget.
Be still my crotch.
Now there's a butt, Nathan.
Yeah, no duh! I had a wild hair up my ass over that for a month.
That goddamn Neanderthal? I'm the one who gave him the idea for the combination bug spray-sun screen! Did you know that?!
Sorry I'm late, parking is a bitch at this place.
The screams of the men fill the air.
Bobby, don't call your sister a slut.
My name's Dennis Rafkin, and I -BEN Shit, you're Dennis Rafkin?
Listen, you gotta get your kids and get the hell out of here, now.
Shit, either one of you got any aspirin, ibuprofen, acetaminophen,
No, you look like a dork... But the nanny isn't listening. jawed.
... and he lands on his ass.
Looks like I'm saving your ass.
Look, you got something to say, spit it out.
Get away from me.
Hurry your ass up! Maggie backs up... and she's hit over the head from behind. She lands on the floor and goes out like a light. Cyrus's ghost approaches the body.
You got me, man. OCP's moving a lot of guys around the department.
Don't mess with Jones, man. make sushi out o~ you. 11
New wait a minute, Dick. Maybe what we need her ■ is a fresh perspective. Tell me •bout this plan of ycurs, Merten. HoN long will it take?
Shaddup, asshole. 123
You're stallin', Old Man. You got the count of three to get thiilt sa+e open.
knocks her hand away.
looks across at the Omnicom TONar.
Hay ••• you shat him!
Go easy on my kin.
-but you can say `Fucking?'
-I don't know either one a' you.
Beats hell outta visa-stamping.
Fellas, what we want to do is get this water out of here... see what's really going on. Understand?
Get nasty, dirty, filthy.
You cannot touch any Muslims.
But he's a retard.
Whatever.
You think you got the market cornered on human suffering?  Well let me tell you something about "People like me." People like me feel little and lost and ugly and dispensable.  People like me have perfect husbands screwing someone far more perfect than me and my son, my son hates me, I try too hard and I push and he knows it and I talk in that voice, that voice I promised I'd never use, and I've screamed, I've screamed horrible things to him, a five year-old because he doesn't want to get in the car at the end of a day and he stares at me with such anger and I hate him then. I know I'm failing you, I know I'm disappointing you, I know you deserve better but get in the fucking car!  It's like every morning I wake up and fail, and I look around and anybody, anybody can pull it off, but somehow I can't. And I know, I know I have everything, and I'm still miserable and it's pathetic.  I know it's pathetic.  No matter how hard I try, something about me will never be enough.
Hey fellas... Frank is tight lipped. We see Ord as Frank sees him. Clear
Shut up Harry.
The Micks looked as surprised as us.
We are on fairly thin ice with our friends at home without losing a shitload of money and guns. We have to make this work.
How the fuck did this happen... There’s a moment of calm between them. Ord appreciates what Vernon is about to do even if it is crazy.
GO ON VERN... MOVE YOUR ASS INT. WAREHOUSE. AR18 BOXES Ord is following Vernon’s progress. He looks over to the South Pillar. Then back to Vernon.
Careful, goddamn it Marvin!
Goddamn it, Bill, take the antidote.
Don't want to be locked up, fellahs?
have been on the front lines since 'Nam.' Captain Hendrix was my adjutant in the Gulf.  Get a haircut, Pete, you're lookin' like a beatnik.
Jesus look at this guy.
Get yer minds off Budweiser, baseball, and broads, fellahs - we're goin, ,round the clock!
Holy shit, we got a jumper.
This is weird.  They got medical records, place of birth - Glasgow? but no name.  Wait a minute, there's a next of kin.  Jade Angelou of 32 Stenson Drive, San Francisco.  Bill did you, like, fuck something up?  Bill?  Bill?
GOODSPEED here's our specialist.  We will cover him while he neutralizes the' chemical threat.  If he does his job we'll launch flares and hold our position 'till the cavalry comes.  Make no mistake about it, gentlemen, we are going in against an entrenched force led by one hot-shit field commander.  We are in the fight of our lives, I bullshit you not.  Any questions?  Let's move out.
You men following the General: You are United States Marines and under oath you forgotten that?  We all have shipmates we remember - some of 'em were shit on and spit on by the Pentagon - that doesn't give you the right to mutiny.
Come on.  And keep your mouth shut.
Every one of em sir.
guys with mustaches.   If you have a pick-up,  sometimes it’ll get pulled with you in it.   Some people try to ignore it; they get used to the pull and just never come.   My theory about you is that you’ve got this stray piece of hillbilly lodged in you,  probably in one of your shoulders. You were smart not to fight it.
Well,  I woke up a few weeks ago and it was really hot out and sunny and there were kids everywhere.   It was the first day of summer vacation,  and it was just like every other day to me.  I wanted to be out,  like they were.   I just wanted out. And I thought,  nothing’s holding me here, I can do whatever the hell I want.  And if I don’t do it now,  I’ll keep going forever doing what I think I have to do when actually the only thing that’s definite about my life is that I’m in it. I’m the fucking lead.  I left the next day.
I met this producer in Austin,  who wanted to do some demos with me,  try and get me a record deal.  then as soon as we got into the studio,  he started changing my songs, fucking with them so they’d sound more like everyone else.   We had a fundamental difference of opinion.   And he was a dick.
It doesn’t sound like shit.   It sounds like what every country radio station is looking for.   I have to think in terms of radio play.
. . . and no matter what I did I couldn’t get one damn FM station in that car.  So I’d sit there and listen to the country music station and stare at the house.  I never could take my eyes off the house.
Bon Jovi’s for girls,  man.   I ain’t a girl.   My sister likes Bon Jovi.
The point of FedEx, as I understand it, is to make the damn connection.
Baloney.  I do see the damn "big picture."
Damn thing.
What do you want me to say?  That I thought I'd done a great job but it all turned to shit?  That I might as well have gone sailing for all the good I did?
And I can't fix this damn machine.
Got to get there.  Got to see.  C'mon... c'mon.  Don't be such a wuss.  Be bold.
I dug all those damn holes, the clouds over the moon...
Damn tooth!
You old airhead, you need a makeover.
Slow down, damn you!
Get up, damn you.
Wilson, do you believe this?  Take the damn water.
Shit!  Wilson!
But would he hear of me driving him around?  Not on your bloody life.  Rinse please.
Chuck!  God damn!
How's Dick?
From Joan ~:tnd Dick Jelli~oo
She was all slone. She didn't have anyone, only us.
Are your siste~s mar~ied? Yes,~~
Naow Roman~ yew stop bendin' Guy's ee-yurs with them thar Mojestky st·=>~rees ~
I thought we were going to do something with Dick and Joan Jellico.
Watch the cigaretteo GUY
He sounds like a sadistic nut.
That nut.
Hels Steven Marcatog all righto Poor old geezero With a crazy father like that no wonder he switched his name aroundo Rosemary looks at Guy uncertainly.
They went to the moyies ..
What do you do wlth it?
Oh hell now, Hayato 9 you're just making f'un of' me J . 'Pulling my leg' is what we say over.here.,
Mad lowers her hoe, relieved. Augusta walks towards the other women, their EYES hopeful.
I miss the sound of a woman’s voice. ‘Specially the tough ones, cause they still smooth in they way. The sound of it when they wake up wantin’ some. He remembers. He takes another swig. Want a drop?
No. Louise. Raccoon bit ‘er.
No, she’s got people. Augusta looks at Moll and then back at Moses. Lots of ‘em.
Looks disgustin’.
I only remember the part ‘bout her tellin’ it.
When mama died havin’ Louise, it never occurred to me to be the woman somewhere else. Hadn’t been for you I wouldn’ta known nothin’ ‘bout bein’ a woman. Mad looks right at Augusta.
It ain’t the end of the world -AUGUSTA I think ‘bout all the women sittin’ in houses now. Were supposed to be taken, but ain’t. Learned to shoot a gun fore they learned to bed. Learned to be men instead ‘uh wives. Mad hears her. She thinks about it. And then she motions for Augusta to pour her another shot. She does. They drink.
I ain’t angry with you, Augusta! I’m angry cause I came close to killin’ him myself! Augusta moves right next to Mad. Mad grabs her hand real hard.
...Why’re you doin’ this, Moses?
Last night, in this cab, I have two gay guys getting married. I got no problem with it. As long as they keep their penis inside the blue jeans. I said, if I see some gay, I see some Doogie Howser bullshit, you’re out! Here we are. He pulls over to the curb quickly, sending Lamb flying.
Ha! No, no, no, no Leslie. You’re on crack! You are legit smoking crack. Wait, that’s my phone.
I did not scurry. These people are gluttons.
Hey, she wanted to come here. William, she’s from, like, a religious commune. Okay? Like, Basement. Religious. Slave. She’s never done any of this. It’s like she’s a weird-ass Disney princess that’s been locked in a tower her whole life.
Why, because you have a leather jacket and some tattoos? Big deal. I know ministers who look as “tough” as you. Punks for Jesus. Yeah, that’s old news.
I know all this. I spent six months in a hospital. I’m not some pillabusing druggie criminal like the people you might know from “the joint.” Lamb.
That’s extremely racist.
Aw. Baby’s first assless chaps. Don’t worry. You don’t have to talk to him. Git. Lamb boldly jogs to the front of the coaster train. The airgates open. Loray is stuck riding with William. She looks away as they climb into the train and pull down the restraints.
People in your family are probably looking for you right now. Nobody’s looked for me in years. The last time someone Googled me, there was no Google. They had to Alta Vista that shit. Lamb looks up at Loray, still holding her elbow.
You don’t have to mince words around me, William. You can say butt. Look, I said “butt” and hell didn’t swallow me up. A crying BRIDE stomps past, holding up her soiled hem.
He pours~ drink ass~ plays. From his expression know that be is thinking of the ?ast.
with you. Now you're beginning eo live lilce a Frenchman.
And you uunt
One of the four Hells.
Fibber! \Vhere?
-- as a sop to the neighborhood.
What nut in the Independent?
That's not all I said.  I said -- I can't believe those bastards -- I said we were great, I said people can come and sit and read for hours and no one bothers them, I said we stock 150,000 titles, I showed them the New York City section.  I said we were a goddamn piazza where people could mingle and mix and be.
Who is this Spungeon anyway?
Well, if you don't like Kathleen Kelly, I can tell you right now you ain't gonna like this girl.
Agent Mackelway, you want to get off your ass and do something for a change?
Fella's name is Harold Speck, travelin' man out of Roswell.
Sure. I wouldn't trust those rednecks either.
They sort of got me on shit detail, no offense.
MyDick.
Of course. He knows everything about Dick Low.
Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys.
I didn't use Low's name.
Take my advice, when dealing with these FBI tight-asses, go by the book. That's what I did.
They say Richard Low is wrong, but because of him, women, innocent women, are alive who would be dead.
That's not going to help. This Minnesota autopsy report, either the guy was in a hurry or he didn't know his ass from his elbow. It's not a regular burn. There's crystallization in the capillaries. Blood didn't clot --
Damn.
I've got to take a piss.
Dick Low's a killer too.
I don't know how you fellas do it.
Dick, you may fool this girl here, you may fool Mackelway, but you'll never fool me.
My ass hurts.
A major womanizer, right?
Hey, you're giving me the creeps. Just spit it out.
Uncultured swine.
Where the hell you been?
God, long time no see! One night we show up to rent Eraserhead and you're just gone!
Well, hell, if I'm gonna be the one to get you goin' again.
Stoned.
Listen, I'm not gonna bullshit you. If she were a baby, she'd have a decent chance, 'cause these sorts of tumors can regress like crazy, but she's twenty and... I don't know, man... I've never seen anything like it.
Chedder
Yo Bunny you back home ain't
Going BACE:I::H TIXE to last night.
get us all the hot bitches
yo, man, whatever.
Le1m1eask you, man, how you put up with all this shit for like 30 years? Just then, Mr. Springer walks by. Checking up on Jinrny and Earl.
isn't gay. Michael
an~ shit
you got into
Shit yeah. But they down at the Shelter tonight
you already die out thece
'Cause your times will never get better until yo make them better. And any of you who think you came here to hear us tell you to turn the other cheek to the brutality of the white man and the established system of injustice in this country, to beg for your place at their lunch counter, I say again! You came to the wrong place.
Sonny Liston: you ain't no champ! You a chump!
C'mon, bum. I whup you right here!
I ain't jokin'! I always know when I know. See this face? I mean, you got a pretty face for a girl's face, but you ever seen somethin' as pretty as me? Now, you about five-foot-three...that's too small. But I overlook that, too, 'cause...
Maaan, I ain't never been with a girl like you.
She gonna be a Muslim, now!
You got bad breath, man.
I fine runnin' around in all these cute short things for you. I submissive to you. But I ain't gonna be submissive to the Brother X's and what they think. They askin' me questions alla time anyway.
Man, I'm the only normal person left around here and I'm a black Jew who can't read and is half drunk.
I'm the best thing that ever happened to you, Howard Cosell. Without me you be a tall white man with a microphone in his mouth.
Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Vietcong.
No Vietcong ever called me nigger.
Feed me those things, I gotta come back as a wrassler.
What's wrong with you, man?!
What the hell you in Philly for? Philly my town.
It will raise up the spirit of our inner cities. It will rise up and fill with hope the souls, the unrequited needs of the black proletariat, that is, the discouraged, dispirited, denigrated, denizens of the demimonde, that is called...the ghetto.
Man, you crazy.
We're here 'cause Don King got Mobutu to put up ten million dollars. Don King don't give a damn about Africa. He worse than Herbert.
Lingala.   They s-s-s-speak Lingala.
You bad!
I’m just now finding my way ‘round this hotel. I’m not ready for those high falootin’ white people with all their fancy words. Maynard laughs.
Beats working for a livin’.
Louis said we should stop taking the white man’s shit.
Not like this one right here. Little sourpuss still mad at me.
We’re fighting for our rights. We’re going to change the nation’s consciousness toward the American negro.
Well... you-HOWARD Go get me a drink. I want some scotch. Well I personally think Louis gonna get every one of us killed. They comin’ to get us, they comin’ to get us... He crazy like his mamma. Gloria stumps her cigarette into her Miller can. She stands looking at him for a moment. She goes into the house without saying a word. Leaving Howard on the porch.
They say this new white boy is smooth.
I just need to get my butt home to Gloria. These hours are killing us.
Told you that white boy was smooth... a little too smooth for my money. Holloway shakes his head.
This is Louis’ stuff mom. You know he’s gonna be pissed.
Negro! Get out here! Back there stinkin up my bathroom! Oh Lord, what you doing? Carter runs out of the bathroom in a James Brown wig and DANCES around the room like Brown. He’s really good. Helen runs over and pulls the wig off his head.
That Dr. King ain’t no joke with his little militant ass. Holloway’s embarrassment. Cecil deals the cards. He’s trying to pay attention to the game.
My dad is not a house negro.
Every American citizen must have an equal right to vote. Yet the harsh fact is that in many places in this country men and women are kept from voting because they are Negroes. INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT - 1965 Holloway, Carter and Lorraine watch the speech in the kitchen, stunned.
The Vietcong don’t call us niggers, for one. Louis and a few of his aides laugh.
The black domestic plays an important role in our history.
What, so y’all going to the White House now? Dad, Louis going to the White House. You know they ain’t gonna let you in with them nipples out. Maybe one, but not both of them out. Louis chuckles, only Charlie can make him smile these days.
Only in a way that is acceptable to the white status quo.
Now you take that triflin’, low class bitch and get out of this house. Silence. Then Louis and Carol leave the house. They look furious. Cecil, Gloria and Charlie sit back at the table, an awkward silence between them all. Then Charlie turns to Cecil:
We’re Senators from your own party. That’s why we feel so comfortable in letting you know that South Africa is a human rights disaster. Black people are being beaten, tortured, gunned down in the middle of the street. Americans see this on TV, they’re horrified by Apartheid. Ronnie looks frustrated with the Senators.
Honey ain’t nobody done nothing to spite you.
It is the effort of American Negros to secure for themselves the full blessings of American life.In a second. I’m gonna make her a dude.
Why? We love Speedy. He’s fast. He’s Mexican. He outsmarts the pussy cat and brings back delicious cheese to his people. I see nothing bad here. She laughs. She can’t help but be charmed by this guy.
I was just telling him I was right and he’s a dumb ass. Come on, the Chef puts out a sandwich bar for the crew. It’s insane. They head out and... EXT. YACHT, TOP DECK - CONTINUOUS ...spot Leonardo frolicking in the pool with the brunette on his shoulders, CHICKEN FIGHTING the other two buxom babes.
I worked my ass off all day -you’re paying me.
Can you believe the gall of that woman?
A Mexican? Hell yeah. Mi gente showing up. He kisses Theresa.
Oh, my God! That’s him! That’s the rich asshole!
Absolutely not. Out of that racket. Law abiding American citizen.
He deserves it. He screwed you over and treated you like dirt. Come on, open the window. Kate does, but only half-way.
You’re the idiot who keeps hiring me, Gordo.
Twelve more bars and I'm your fella.
Fuddy-duddy? A fine thing to call your sex god.
I did it! Wow! Hey, Mr. Herrick I can play this shit! Sorry, play this drum.
What for? Look, I know all this already. I know more about music than any of these pinheads. I don't need this.
You know, both me and my son took music from you in this room. Well, I always felt bad that I was such a pain in the ass when I was a kid.
You're volunteering for every damn extra-curricular activity you can think of. You don't like it here anymore? Is that it?
They're anarchists. They don't cop out to all that corporate music bullshit.
Carl, when is that damn basketball team of ours going to do some scoring?
Junk, my rosy red butt. classic.
Jesus 1 Just like.a woman.
I know Clement. Never liked that man.
Come pn, pop. You're a man.
You blockhead! 143Don' t put your wife and kids between you and Waters' ass, manf
I don't give a damn if Roosevelt himself sent you, Davenport! I'm trying to prevent my colored troops, on this Fort from going into that backwater town and killing somebody! And I don't care what yo) think! (pause You can always return to Washington, if you like. DAVENPORT
'Bout a year, sir -- see this company was basically a baseball team~ sir -- most of the boys had played for the Negro League- so .naturally, the Army put us all together -- we'd be assigned to· different companies -- Motorpool, Dumptruck -- garbage cleanup -all the dirty work on the post, sir -- but on Saturdays we were whippin' their. ass.
Let him rub elbows with the whites -- learn the white man's language -- how they do things. WASHINGTON
He'll fight you dirty, Pete don't do it.
No, sir the Sarge left me alone after that -- I just played ball, sir -- you can't take too many of them kinda' whippints.
White boys -- all starched and stiff -- wanted everybody to learn all that symphony shit! -- That's what you said in France. Waters stops, peers at Byrd.
Well, -- he was always on CJ's. ass every little thing it seem. like to. me -- then the shootin' went down .and CJ caught all the hell!
Damnit, Waters, you know it
Why am I lift in' ·a hundred and . eighty pound machine we ain't neva' gonna git to use, onto the ' dirt, so the infantry can play this week's chapter of "Hide-yo'. - . ·ass-in-the-Fog"?
Probably questionin' one of them dummies!
we just We los' our las' game
We were in France during the· First War, Wilkie. We had won decorations but the white boys had told all them French gals we had tails -- so they went out and found this, ignorant colored soldier -- paid him to tie a tail to his ass and parade around half nak~d making monkey sounds.
You trying to make a fool outta' me, Smalls? Huh?
You're not Gibarian...
I'm not Rheya.  You've always known that.
How the fuck did this get there? It's like we're on the moon looking over Buzz Aldrin's shoulder at Neil Armstrong; it certainly sounds like that...
Come on, move, dammit.
You watch your language!
Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Wookiee.
C'mon, you Micker weasels, sing!
You are such a lug.
a damn?
ROCH- NIGH'!
Shit, Jo, I don't !mow what you're be talkin' about but if I did it'd classified and I don't !mow where you're gettin' your information on the Subcommittee-JOANNE What do you care, hon?
I'm not an asshole, Just the Christian
MANnearby
MCGAFFIN.
These Russians are atheists. No faith.
I know you think of yourself as a drunk and a fuck up but you're not. You have such greatness in you. And you're needed
You sell the Israelis the radar. that's why he says fuck it.
You know there, Sundance, who gave her 80 bucks.
He's firing a 64 laze pumper from six hundred feet. He couldn't hit me if I painted a bull's eye on my ass.
Don't you mean at the Academy wiping Cadet's Asses? That is what they say in the squad room, isn't it?
That kid barely knows me and he wants to save my ass.
The figure moves away.
Stop him! He just killed the entire council! Dredd realizes he's fucked. He turns, runs. The Judge Hunters pause near their wounded leader; who bravely waves them on. ^.ey tear after Dredd like woJ-ves.
We have reason to believe that the X5 is now in the possession of Dieter Von Cunth. Now I don’t need to explain to you how dangerous a nuclear warhead can be in the hands of a man like Cunth. Cunth.
Don’t remind me. So looks like you’re keeping your bod pretty tight.
Goddamn it, Jim, you can’t do that! I gotta see this thing through. I’m the best chance you got! You told me yourself at the monastery!
It’s simple, Vicki. Cunth owns this place. If we wanna find where the passcode deal is going down, we gotta turn over some stones. A guy drives by in a Honda Civic.
Nice car, dickhead.
But if Hoss doesn’t show up, they’ll abort the drop.
Who said Hoss isn’t gonna show up? INT. CADILLAC -- DAY Vicki drives dressed up like Hoss Bender -- clothes and wig.
Why do I have to be Hoss? MacGruber sits shotgun.
That’s not Hoss! The men immediately spray the car with bullets. Vicki ducks down, puts the car in reverse, slams her foot on the accelerator, and hauls ass out of the warehouse.
Oh God, Vicki! The guys sprint away. EXT. RAIL YARD WAREHOUSE -- DAY They race to the crashed Cadillac. They fling open the door to find Vicki, crouched inside, scared shitless. Vicki!
Not much on our end. We know Cunth is having a fundraiser in his home.
Piper, got a location on Cunth?
You know me. INT. CUNTH’S MANSION -- DRAWING ROOM -- NIGHT Cunth is engaged in a high stakes game of poker -- a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG WOMAN stands behind him. There is only one other player left in the game, JURGEN KRAUSS, 65.
Sorry, I always get an erection when a beautiful woman uses a pair of pliers near my balls.
MacGruber, you ready for this? We were wrong about Cunth. He’s not involved. Turns out the X5 is in the possession of a Jurgen Krauss.
Don’t let your history with Cunth cloud your vision, Mac. He’s not involved. Look, the President’s thrilled. If all goes smoothly, he might mention it during the State of the Union Address tonight.
Now that’s what I’m talking about. Music: bad-ass rock song CU:
Um... the butt?
Miller, do you copy? Miller? you there? Damn it, Miller.
All right, let’s go over the plan one more time. MacGruber unknowingly steps on a FOOT PEDAL on the floor. CU -- a red light on the control panel is illuminated EXT. CUNTH’S COMPOUND -- NIGHT MacGruber’s words blare over a LOUDSPEAKER.
...but we have the element of surprise on our side. Okay, so we’re in the observation deck now-COMMANDER Observation deck, move! All of the men race out of the room for the observation deck. INT. CUNTH’S COMPOUND -- OBSERVATION DECK -- NIGHT MacGruber and Piper talking.
This is so awesome! This is so much better than those stupid fucking gadgets I used to make! MacGruber stands fearlessly and shoots willy nilly at everything.
...I’m told the President has just arrived. Should be entering the chamber shortly. There’s the good Senator from Vermont... Cunth hits the mute.
Millions of innocent people will die.
What the fuck? Vicki roundhouse kicks Constantine’s face, knocking him out cold. Piper winks at MacGruber. MacGruber smiles back, proud. It’s a wonderful moment. MacGruber spin-kicks the gun out of Cunth’s hand. They both race for the gun but MacGruber gets to it first. Cunth appears nervous for the first time.
Guess I wasn’t the man you thought I was, Cunth. I can’t dismantle your bomb. But I can do this. MacGruber takes his Swiss Army Knife and does surgery on the X5. Moments later, he pulls out the glowing deadly WARHEAD.
Right again, Cunth.
8... 7... 6... 5... Suddenly, he sees something: in the corner of the room is an axe. His eyebrows raise. EXT. CUNTH’S COMPOUND -- NIGHT MacGruber, Vicki and Piper throw open the door and sprint away from the compound!
What I don't understand is: how can they cheat on their wives and still live with themselves? I mean, it's like pissing in the pool. Maybe nobody saw you do it, but you know the yellow's in the water. And you have to swim around in it, pretending it's clean. Debbie manages to give Wendy the giggles.
Darwan Singh! Why do you shut up this pearl in the house?
McKinney!--The smartest dick in Manhattan.
Are you screwy?
What's your hurry, young feller? Brett turns. He stops and smiles. By this time McKinney has reached Brett's side.
I'll lay odds you get a pair of 'em--Why, a high-school kid could take you saps--and another thing--Lay off Sally Marsh.With this rifle, your sons will be able to kill plenty of jackals.
If he doesn't hit the jackals, at least he'll scare the shit out of them.
You better kill at least three jackals.
Did you kill any jackals?
Then who, you idiot?
Shh, shut up.
'Least it's honest, man. They ain't breakin' no laws.
telling you shit. Our team took first place in his basketball tournament last summer, and he bought the whole team red Honda scooters.
Damn.
Don't start bitchin' up now, Heywood, I told you not to be srnokin' that zootie.
My brother, my brother. You been makin' money outside the family? Gee Money is hurt off.
Look like she gettin' somebody down.
Did you know that black women rule the world? Did you know that I come from a line of royalty; like the Queen of Sheba, and Nefertiti? Did you dumb, racist asses know that?
takes too much caine to make base ain't no real profit in base -- it's too expensive and it's too much trouble. And like you Gee 11oney I also have been doing some experimenting and discovered by cutting the caine with comeback we just make more product not less •• , It's iron into gold! This is like turning Just like going to change our future. big business when you change your product you change your marketing strategy, on street Gone are the davs of sellin' corners, ·in dark alleys, or in the bathroom of some bummy-ass bar. When there's too many different places to look after, too many different things can go wrong -It
Damn. 331\
Yo, Fat Smitty. C'mere for a minute. I need to speak with you.
you give a shit.
Shut up, Ahab.
You stop beatin' stop it!
{recognizes Scotty) oh shit!
on that girl like that,
'o'Fthe
This is some fly shit, huh? Like some James Cagney, George Rafttype shit.
Lawson and myself go way back to law school. He's been ass.igned as the ·prosecuting attorney.·
SCOT'.l'Y
You know, I did get Pookie killed.
smarm-meister
Let’s go shitbird!
Someone hacked into the Senate. No shit? Okay... Any idea if it was foreign or domestic? Dan wavers. He needs Evan to connect the dots.
--all repeat business, dude--I know morons who've seen the stupid thing like three times in one day.
Shit? This is from "Josh's Blair Witch Mix," man!
--whatever; that's her.
Whatever.
I thought the movie was bitchin'.
You know, Nick, you've been something of a total asshole the past few days.
Butt-ugly owl.
What're you, nuts?
Su casa y shit-o hole-o.
Something was wrong.
I got the tape enhanced--and I managed to sleaze a photo blow-up. Jesus, he's gonna kill me when he finds out about the camera.
Dominiiiiiiii!!!
Nick, what you should do is get her back up and get her to a goddamn doctor.
--it's not a could've--there was, Nick. And it fucked up Anna, and did something to Domini, and it caused my father to die, and it's here with us in this place now. And I don't have one single idea in hell what's going to happen next, just that it's going to happen to one of us. And then the other. And then the other. It's going to get into our brains.
--one of us, all of us--I have no idea--brought whatever this thing is back here. We're not going to go out there and spread it around like Typhoid Mary. We're gonna figure it out, we're gonna bring a goddamn end to it.
What're you nuts--
Out of my hands.
Ahh Dammit!
Ahhh Dammit.
Is it beautiful where you are? Here it's colder than hell and lonelier than shit, but it's beautiful Aningang. Utterly, terrifyingly beautiful.
LIFE OF THIS BUSSINESS.
Gimme that Phillips right there.
John!  Get your ass inside right now and do what your mother says!
Holy shit... you're really real!  I mean... whoah!
Help!  HELP!!  I'm being kidnapped!  Get this psycho off of me!
Goddamnit, John, you have to be smarter than that.  You're too important!  You can't risk yourself, not even for me, do you understand? I can take care of myself.  I was doing fine. Jesus, John.  You almost got yourself killed.
No, no, no.  You gotta listen to the way people talk.  See, you don't say like "Affirmative" or some shit like that.  You say... no problemo.
I'm sorry, baby.  This thing is just kicking my ass.  I thought we had it with this one...
... but the output went to shit after three seconds.  I'm thinking now it's the way I'm matrixing the command hierarchies...
But why is that so goddamn important, Miles? I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here, sometimes.
So, Sarahlita, you getting famous, you know that?  All over the goddamn TV.
Holy shit.  Come on, Mom... we gotta keep moving... come on --Have fun you rascals!
Let's go get fat ass!
Can I get five tickets to Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire, please?
Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire is rated 'R'. You kids can't get in.
Uh, hi. I want five tickets to Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire.
Fuck, dude, I wanna be just like Terrance and Phillip!
She's not my girlfriend, dude!
All over America, kids are flocking to the R rated film, 'Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire'. Here with a special report, is a quadriplegic midget in a bikini.
The Canadians are just mad that we mothers here in South Park have the chutzpah to stand up to them!  Like it or not, Mr. Canadian Minister, OUR children are now safe from your Canadian smut!
Yeah, but you know what? That whole part about lighting farts is bullshit. You can't do that.
And my boy was the sweetest boy the world had ever known! until those damn Canadians brought that filth into our home! I agree that there is now a battle to be won! We can't just stand here singing! Something must be done!
Yeah, well, you being a Canadian and all, we thought what the hell!
What the hell are you talking about, kid?
I thought she wasn't your girlfriend, dude.
Thank God, that sucked ass.
HA HA HAHA!! What a dumbass!!
Alright, now I want you to say 'horsefucker.'
Wow, dude. Wendy could really give a rats ass about you.
Hey, Cartman, did they put that V-chip in your head or your ass?
Dude!  It's the V-chip!  It shocks him ever time he cusses!
Yeah, they suck.
Oh that's easy, you just gotta find the clitoris.
HOLY SHIT DUDE!!
We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers.  It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil!
Not necessary?!  Mr. President, may I remind you that our country's heart and soul are at stake, and our children's minds are the battlefield! The bastard Canadians want to fight us because we won't tolerate their potty mouths. Well, if it is war they want... THEN WAR THEY SHALL HAVE!!!
Yeah!  YEAH!!!  Man I'm getting so HOT!!!
Get out of here Ike, you're too young for this stuff!
Boy buddy Rich, it was a bitch to get something to match with that bathroom tile!
Satan, your ass is gigantic and red, who am I gonna pretend you are? Helen Reddy?
Canadian pussy is mighty cold!
Time? Did time matter to the Revolutionists who were forced to eat their own shit while dying in the dungeons of ze King?
Dude, if I was gay, I'd be just like Big Gay AL!
Son of a gun!  HECK!
No, I mean WE CAN'T LEAVE WITHOUT YOU - we don't know where the hell we are!!
I am the clitoris.
NO WAY, DUDE! I'VE LOOKED ALL OVER FOR YOU, AND NOW YOU HAVE TO TELL ME HOW TO GET WENDY TO LIKE ME!!
Then move out of the way.
HEY! THIS V-CHIP IS GETTING ALL SCREWY!!
Dude, I found the clitoris! I think I can get Wendy to like me now!
Holy shit Cartman!  What was that?!
Listen guy, you're embarassing me in front of my friends!  You know how I get mad when I get embarassed.
You're quite a purveyor of filth, little boy!
Yeah, but you know, I learned something today.  I learned that getting all worked up over fuck and shit and cockmaster is just stupid... You all focused so hard on erasing profanity that you forgot the most important thing... To love each other.
My friend the clitoris told me.
Wow, I have a clitoris too.
Well you're not Vietnamese.
Largeman, what the hell are you doin' here?
No bitch, he's in LA now. He's a writer. He's writin' a movie about snowboarders or some shit, X don't know. I should introduce you to him Largeman, maybe you guys could do something together.
But you got a hold it out like this.
Holy shit: How you doin' man?
I had to grow up now, man, I wasn't makin' shit at the fish market. No one knew who I was. I couldn't get laid. This is a much better situation for me. Speakin' of which, how did I do?
Ah fuck, man. I hear you're like some huge movie star; you played some big football player or something. I didn't nee it.
Deer Hunter. We should talk, man; I have some good ideas for movies, and you could like play me and shit. "Stories From the Force-"
I heard you're kicking ass, man.
Can you believe that shit, Large? This guy has one idea and he's a trillionaire. I got a thousand ideas, but I gotta sit around and wait for all my relatives to die. They join the group. Mark blows coke off a large golf book. Dave has a young girl on his lap. Large begins to notice that the girls in the room, although quite attractive, are pretty young; 17-19. As he pans the room, he lock eyes with a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG GIRL. They play chicken briefly to see who will break the stare first. Large does and looks to his right where someone has just passed him a joint- He hits it and passes it on.
Really? But you're like a movie star and shit.
What the fuck is Klingon?
Shit, I gotta go to my meeting. Okay. She stands up and then leans over and kisses Mark on the top of his head.
Oh, tell me, what's that Alan Thicke like? I've heard he's a cocky son of a bitch.
So, Titembay.
They stand in silence.
This fuckin' guy. I'm glad you're back, man, because this town is so messed up. Everyone's got there drug of choice like in "Brave New World". Did you ever read that book? Who wrote that? Aldous something. Aldous-
But someone's been pissing on my Gamecube and I'm about to close the case.
Vagina!
You know that point in your life when you realize that the home you grew up in isn't really your home anymore? And all of a sudden, even though you have a place where you put your Shit, the idea of "home', is gone.
You're gay.
Ah! Jesus, you scared the shit out of me. You're always doing that. Why are you always doing that?
Fuck yeah, dude. Those are collectors items. Do you have any idea how much those things will be worth some day.
Yeah. But it's too early. You don't sell'em yet. Don't you know anything about investing. I'm gonna live off that shit. That "Schwarzkopf" card is worth at least five something. And if you have the complete set it's worth like thousands.
Holy shit, I haven't seen you since like junior year.
Please don't tease me about my hobbies. I don't tease you about being an asshole. They stand in the pouring rain staring at the boat. Mark steps up and pounds his fist on the wooden hull.
You push Hog, you push all of us.
Who the hell is Eli?
This, though? With this I'll shave the hairs clean off your balls at a hundred paces. You believe me?
If I'm gonna risk my ass hunting down this maniac in the outland, I need to know it's gonna be worth it. I need to know what's so special about this goddamn book.
When I was a kid my parents used to read that book every goddamn day. My mother, she'd read it along with this smooth-talking preacher on the TV screen. They used to be able to beam these guys right into your house, into every house in the world, through the air. Like magic.
Maybe it's something in the water. Bruce returns Dick's smile.
Is it getting nippy in here?
Hey, Icehead, you got a visitor.
You once said to me that being part of a team means trusting your partner. That sometimes counting on someone else is the only way to win. Do you remember? Dick doesn't answer.
Toller takes another drink.Who the hell are they?
About fucking time. They each leap up onto a horse, grabbing the reins and taking their horses off down the street at a gallop. Ahead of them, three men in Confederate uniforms run out of a grocery store, aiming rifles.
It’s probably just some tramps. I’d settle here, if I was them. Let’s look around and find ‘em. William looks at Todd.
Damn.
Damn.
Fucking hell? Clyde moves to the door as the clawing continues and, in a swift movement, throws the door open and lowers the shotgun. There is nothing outside of the door. Clyde steps quickly out of the outhouse and looks around; no creature is in sight.
He looked pretty dead, man.
It was insane here, man. 'Hadda call in the National Guard.
Not that I care. I've had it with men. They're so fascinated by their own crap. Took me four years to get the last one out. Almost turned me into a dyke... These days my idea of a hot date is a long shower by myself before bed. Now that feels good. And you don't have to do all that... listening.
Mom's such a cutie.
Okay then... Are you positive your mother's a bitch?
-- 'cause in that instant I saw the beginning of a vixen's smile and I knew --
Six. And it's been good... like we were two buddies hanging out. Just shootin' the shit.
You were messed up, man.
That's where we came in. Our DM was a particular sonuvabitch, and he knew just how to get Gregory crazy.
I want to live in the world these people are in. No one ever says anything in there, have you noticed? So they're very cool. Like they're all really deep. It's when people start talking that everything goes to shit.
Old Man Sutter's young bride had got me in hot water all right, and now I was bein' dealt the beating of my life. If there'd just been two of those bastards it would have been a little closer...
You must be Suyin.
Whatever it is, she’s not giving up. Suyin stops her daughter with a look.
You think a great white did this?
Mid twenties, handsome, gay but gay in that cool cat kind of a way, gay like “Billy on the Street” gay, gay like “yeah, I’ll suck a dick we don’t have to make no thang about it.” Our hero nods slightly, as if agreeing.
Ain’t no shame, brother.
It’s Dylan, people! Standing in the Doorway! Third track on Time out of Mind. His comeback album. The whole thing’s like a giant fucking Keats poem.
They were counting him out, Man! They said you don’t come back from the crazy he had and then... BOOM! 1997. Time Out of Mind! Three Grammys, Album of the Year, he told everyone “I’m Bob Dylan and you’re not so eat a dick.”
Bob Dylan told everyone to “eat a dick?”
Every teddy bear in our lives cannot be named Fuckface.
This is some heavy philosophical shit we’re delving into.
The moment that royal fuck of a man left this earth, I became a wildly wealthy man, Javier. And the first thing I did was buy this land back in Andulucia, where I now grow hundreds of acres of the olive oil that Mama and I once hoarded. And while business keeps me away most of the time, this land is the only thing that matters to me, Javier. This land is my story, and it is my mama’s story. It is everything to me.
I am a simple man. I do not have a story. I did not have a fuck of a father. My father was funny and whistled why he worked, and I like having a job where I can whistle while I work, too. The rakes bruise the olives so I pick them by hand. It’s the right way. That is all. Mr. Saccione goes quiet.
Holy shit, you’re so much smarter than me.
Life - that unreliable, mischievous little bitch - never stops twisting our plots.
Don’t do that Edee.
He'll drive us all bloody mad.
I've got the numbers somewhere of a few fellas we could send in. Cubans.
Wait! Dick? NIXON turns to see his wife, PAT NIXON come up the path towards him. She comes up close. Their eyes meet. An intensity in her look. In her hand, a white handkerchief. She puts the handkerchief in his top pocket. Another look between them. She straightens his lapel. Then she turns around, and walks back into the house. 83
If we're honest for a minute. If we reflect privately just for a moment •.• if we allow ourselves ... a glimpse into that shadowy place we call our soul, isn't that why we're here now •.. ? The two of us? Looking for a way back? Into the sun? Into the limelight? Back onto the winner's podium? Because we could feel it slipping away? We were headed, both of us, for the dirt. The place the snobs always told us we'd end up. Face in the dust. Humiliated all the more for having tried so pitifully hard. Well, to hell with that. We're not going to let that happen. Either of us. We're going to show those bums, and make them choke on our continued success. Our continued headlines. Our continued awards, power and glory. We're going to make those motherfuckers choke. Am
Fellas .•• this is a critical moment in his life ..
Young gay men don't go for older gay men.
He, he was gay. She's very surprised.
He was gay the whole time they were married.
But you were gay that whole time.
I knew I was gay, though, at dinner parties I was looking at the husbands not the wives.
I have so got brains.
Oh, Hunk, you just won't listen, that's all.
Now what happened? I'll bet Hunk did that.
Look at you, Zeke -- you're just as white
Doggone you! Help Hunk get them horses loose!
Oh, rubbish! You have no power here. Be gone, before somebody drops a house on you, too.
You don't neither --
You humbug!
E' ind tb. em!'
Let me go. Take your hands off me.I'm Erica Bain, and as you know, I walk the city. I bitch and moan about it. I walk and watch and listen. I witness all the beauty and ugliness that is disappearing from our beloved city. Last week took me to the grey depths of the East River where Dimitri Panchenko swims his laps like he has since the 1960s. And today I walked by the acres of scaffolding outside what used to be the Plaza Hotel and I thought about Eloise. Remember Kay Thompson's Eloise? Eloise who lived in the Plaza Hotel, with her dog Weenie and her parents who were always away and her English nanny who had 8 hairpins made out of bones -As she talks, we see her -- thin, semi-transperant, ghostlike. Almost nothing but voice.
What happened to you? She shakes her head, just looks at him.
You gonna give me some Radiohead too? You ever been fucked by a knife? Suddenly -- he is thrown back, a MIST OF BLOOD, as the BULLET blows through his back. The other one lunges toward her, she FIRES again, he spins around and staggers toward the other end of the car. Wounded, he falls back against the doors.
Every piece of shit reporter in that press conference will sensationalize this thing. Not you. You're better than that.
You want someone to do that shit, call Howard Stern.
Jesus H Christ -HIS POV The body of Murrow, fallen from the car park above. His body is wrecked, a bloody crowbar part of the wreckage.
She was skinny. But she had some ass. You could tell. Erica's hands, crossed on her lap. hands of a killer.
I'm teasin' your dick?
Lookit what we got here, little pigeon-meat out there stealin' my green. Nomi says nothing to her, walks away.
I bailed you out, girlget me a cup of coffee?
You no period? She speaks with a Russi.an accent.
What are you doi.n' here, man?
You got too much damn talent.
Ladies, I'm Tony Moss, I produce the show. Some of you've probably heard that I'm a prick. I am a prick.
to feel those uteruses stretching. As they dance, he stays up onstage, watching their bodies and movements very closely. Okay.
Now look what you've done. You got me fired again! Ain't you got no shame? You're a real badass! She looks at him and smiles.
I can take care of my pussy.
Oh show me a home Where the buffalo roam And I'll show you a home Full of shit! She walks into the ctressing room as Henrietta is cheered in the club. 58
James? He starts to close the door. Nomi stops him, peers around him. She sees Penny, the young svelte stripper from the Cheetah. She is in bed, naked.
This is your table here. She stops and turns on the lights around the mirror. Nomi looks at her dressing table, her mirror. It is a long way from the Cheetah. She stares for a long beat, then Gay keeps walking.
Are you kidding? By the time the show's over, the only people out there are drunks, and sl.otheads, but ... Andrew Carver's my boyfriend. She shrugs -- she has put the pie on a big pl.ate.
You've got great tits. They're really beautiful.
I like nice tits. I always have. about you?
Phil, you dumb schmuck, get back down here, will.ya? He grins.
Hey, I can't help it if you don't have a gay partner.
Oooh! He's not gay! He's so hetero. He wants everybody to see how hetero he is.
I like your ass. Call me. Nomi gives him a look.
Oh, hell, darlin'.
Whooooaaa! Don't do that! I don't  like it when you do that!
Master, if we keep this chase going, that creeps gonna end up deep fried. Personally, Id very much like to find out who in the hell he is and who hes working for...
The Senator from Naboo.
You're so bad!
You are Annie! It is you! You little womp rat.
I can't do this stoned.
You remind me of Alex. Nick does a big take and eyes her queerly.
I was fifteen. My family was living in Oakland. I used to listen to you every night. One nigh~ I called you up. I was real upset -- I thought there was something wrong with me. I thought I was some kind of pervert. What'd I say?
Oh, so now he's a lying son-of-a-bitch? Harold smiles, despite himself.
You know, you have a great ass .
Get off of my lawn! SAM
My father, on the other hand, thinks you're an asshole. Although he loved my column too. So you got an even split out of Yonkers.
But I’m not taking your name, buster. I’m a feminist!
Oh, come on. You’re like the Yoda of escorts.
Behold hole one. There’s a twostroke penalty for failure to finish a hole and a three-stroke penalty for barfing. Yell “Fore!” before you barf and it’s only two strokes. The girls are scared shitless.
To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you. They all clink glasses.
But, somehow, it was Kat’s arse that was stung by nettles. And you rubbed it with a dandelion leaf.
I’m a hooker.
At least somebody’s using the damn thing.
Oh, cut the crap!
The wedding dance is, sans doubte, the most important dance-moment in a person’s life. Ed cracks open his eyes to see if anyone else thinks this is a crock of shit. Nick catches Ed’s eye. Amy darts Ed a “pay attention” look.
And what of the greedy, self-serving bastards who sit as Magistrates on the Admiralty Court and have fined nearly every man in this room. Should they be boxed about the ears and thrown onto the first ship back to England?  I'll do it myself.
Trust you and Harry Lee.  Remember that damned overland you two thought up in '62 to hit Fort Louis?
Colonel Tarleton, you deal with these damned rebels.
She hooking you up?
You sure it wasn't your dick?
This is the fuckin' guy right here. Practically owns the place.
This's "Kid Quick" you're talking to, dude. Best fuckin' middleweight in the Ukraine.
You gotta keep your hands up! Keep your hands up!
He does what he gotta do, I do what I gotta do. He don't own me.
What're you talkin' about?! C'mon, don't be a first-class schmuck!
Well, I guess I don't have a say in anything anymore. Anyway... You did it. You did it and it took real balls.
Each one of `em's got 25 years on the job with this kinda thing, Pudge.
You got Bad Tooth in your pocket?
Keep your hands off him!
You are being really naughty Jack.
Puce.
Fuck yeah.
Game, my friend. Rock solid. Charlie moves off. And even though he's playing it off, we see that Mark's hit a nerve. This hot girlfriend thing is a bitch. Mark calls after him--
So don't judge. You don't want me to burn my big ole' booty off, do you? Charlie, on impulse, stops her -- kisses her.
Don't listen to me. Jaded old
Where the hell have you been?
We'll see, man. I know my shit. But Jerry doesn't appear to be afraid. He looks at Ed with actual sympathy.
Don't touch anything, dude.
Yeah you do. So here's what I'm thinking. We faced the beast and we won. Can you imagine the possibilities if we had got that shit on film?
Show up on film, yeah. But werewolves do, bigfoots do. We get proof, catch something -- we could build a stage act around that, you wouldn't believe. We'd blow those Cirque bitches away!
You're so coooool Brewster!!Where the hell is Sam Lowry?!
Well, that's it! I may as well go and hang myself! This sort of thing couldn't have happened before the stupid seventh tier reorganization! That was Simmons doing! And he and Jeffries always sit together at lunch! The bastards!
You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail.
She witnessed the Tuttle arrest the Buttle arrest  and since then she's been making wild allegations, obviously trying to exploit the situation  she's working for somebody, and she's not working for us.
Shit... it's here somewhere. My name's Lowry, Sam Lowry Expediting... can't this wait?
They couldn't be worse for the Buttles.
What have you done to my flat?
This is what you get when you have cowboys round yer ducts.
We're not going to say you're hot, man.
There's no non-gay response to that.
Awwww, yeah. This is the shit! It ain't 1980 anymore, man. Yeah!
Honey, stop it. You're being an ass.
I got a tat.
Hey! What the hell, man? That was expensive!
A wimp?
Anyway, none of that worked. So I laid it out for them. I said, "Hey, go ahead and assault us. Because we might be not be real bikers, but we know real lawyers. And the moment you touch us is the moment you get your ass sued. Because this is the real world - with real laws, and real consequences." And they backed down. The guys are impressed.
I'm not a wimp, pal'. I'm a man! You got that? Huh? You got that!!
You know what? Old Doug wasn't such a douchebag!
Oww! Dammit!
Yeah. They think we're bad asses.
Yes! Wow! That felt so good. I just slapped a big fat bull right on his ass! Did you hear how pissed he was!? I just pissed of a bull!
Hah! Missed me, you fat bastard!
Hey, Dud. You look happy.
Friends that screw up. Angry bikers. That's not something you should be avoiding. That's something you need. Doug takes this in.
Sorry those jerks are in your diner.
Ow! Dammit Jesus that hurt!
Okay, get your own girl.
That was some ride or die shit, baby. I like that.
Call me Dean. We hug around here, Fella.
Damn. That's badass, Bae.
Damn.
One of a kind; a real doggone keeper.
Damn. 54.
This is good shit tho.
Sup? Making sure you good. I thought you were coming back yesterday, so hopefully you home already and just sleeping or some shit. Aiight. Let me know.
Gay?
No. Not racist, Chris. We don't hate you. We want to be you... You are not going to be a slave. You're going to be a vessel.
couldn't give two shits about race. I don't care if you're black, brown, green, purple... whatever. What I want is so much deeper: Your eye, man. I want those things you see through.
Dammit...my foot.  I've got one of those...what's the word?
Sort of.  The other one, he can be a complete ass.  A total jerk.
You know what the problem is?  The first night we went out, we should've just fucked.  Right away.  Without thinking.  Two dumb bunnies.  Without any history,  any baggage.  A pair of blank slates.  Fucking.  It could've been perfectly meaningless.  You want chemistry?  The less you think, the better the chemistry. Less talk, more action.
If I go down those stairs...it will only lead to one place...right back here...the two of us...a short, brilliant moment...one more to add to the gallery...then, empty-handed again, with nothing to show for it but an emotional hangover...I'm not going to open this door... Discipline... Like the man said, don't fuck the guests...
Nonsense.  I know you.  You won't make an ass out of yourself.
I think I got him laid.
self-congratulatory, insulated, lazy liberal bitch. Probably never had to worry about anything." But that's not true at all! I grew up poor, man. Single mother. McDonald's used to have one day a week where they sold 29 cent hamburgers, and another day where they had 39 cent cheeseburgers. My mom and me would go there and she'd get twenty burgers -- that was the limit, probably set up for folks just like us -- and then she'd put `em in the freezer and we'd microwave `em for dinner throughout the week.
Good -- `cause you're my favorite person to drink with in the whole damn world.
No pressure, okay. That shit saved my life, though.
Ah...yes. Assholes Anonymous.
I'm sorry if I acted like a bitch.
How `bout we drive to Mexico and party our asses off? My treat.
Take off your pants.
I don't like shitty 80's music.
which thceaten eo tcip tr.e bed.
a problein wioh
a classless society.
,oe you don't
in,tinct •• co answe, •• himself. buc he up a9oinst tho door frame. ~evercho:oss, is squee2ed he releases his grip on ,he ,able, wh1eh d,ops to ,he 9,ound, with the man sc1:1 c.olding up his end.
~a,, of yco is g,ow,ng in•ide rne. That's a fact, Dan -- and you'd ~atter sta,, lea,ning ho" to deal "tth \t.
COllle on, Quincy ••• Here, Whitey, h•re, Whitey! You want a carrot? Here, Whitey, COllle closer ••• 176A
you'd piclted he,
ya, he was dirty.
Nordberg!? Why, you sniveling SCWll FOREMAN
I want you to get this louse where he breathes. I want you to find this nancy-boy. Frank Drebin.
Bello, Frank? This is Bernie. Don't worry, I won't let those bastards get a penny of your money!
EXT. COON'l'RY
The •seventh Inning Stretch.• With everyone st•nding up, the ••••••in will be le•• notice•ble when he •ppro•che• the Queen. 100D INT. CLOSET - JANE - DAY look• down to •ee • RAT! She g••P•• putting her h•nd over her mouth to •uppre•• • •cream. The rat crawl• over her high-heeled •hoes. She back• up a little more.
Hillbilly, huh? That’s Smitty there, whipping Kirzinski’s ass.
Brilliant, Private Zane--you just strangled yourself, numb nuts! Howell gets to Desmond who, to his embarrassment, has inadvertently doubled his rope and actually tied not one, but two loops.
Shut up, Teach.
See, I don’t think this is a question of religion, fellas, I think this is just cowardice, plain and simple. Is that right, Doss? Are you chicken-shit, is that it? Desmond’s hands clench. It takes everything Desmond has not to leap at Smitty and tear his throat out.
What the hell are you saying, Doss?
For what? Doss is a pain in the ass but he always toes the line.
OK, I know we got our asses handed to us but at least we’ve got a better sense of what’s on top. The Japs have built a three Bunker system in a triangle formation towards the southeast corner. We neutralize those bunkers and we should be able to roll over the ridge.
I screwed up.
C'mon, sour puss.  We got the rest of our lives to be artists.  But it's supply and demand.  And right now, the unwashed masses demand this.
For your information, we're playing `Crimson Mystical Mages' - an overpower card game. Not that either of you would give a shit about something as advanced as this - there are no dick or poopie jokes involved.
I love this book man!  This shit's awesome.  I wish I was like these guys - getting stoned, talking all raw about chicks and fighting supervillains!  I love these guys! They're like `Cheech and Chong' meet `Bill and fed'!
I like to chink of them as `Rosencrantz and Guildenstern' meet `Vladimir and Estragon'.
She's white.
Gentrification.  They're gonna drive our the black element, to make the galaxy quote, unquote `safe' for white folks.
`What's a Nubian!'  Bitch, you almost made me laugh!
It goes back to something my grandmother told me when I was a kid. "Holden," she said "The big bucks are in dick and fart jokes." She was a church-goer.
Hooper here.  Listen, I know how you burb-fiends hate the city, but there?s a club shindig going down that I think you?d get into.
Let me explain something to you, my witless chum the other night in that bar, we two - Alyssa and I shared a moment, alright!
As long as you don?t bitch about how little alcohol is in the drink.
She ain?t no Denny Terrio, I?ll say that.
There?re a lot of chicks in this place.
?Chicks?.  You?re such a man.
Hey, hey, hey - you fucked up my cabbage-patch!
No, this is the ?Rog?.
Y.M.C.A pool!  Damn!  You knew her too!
This is so queer.
What!!?  It?s a valid question.  You know the dyke stuff in the Penthouse Letters section is written by guys - this is our chance to get the inside scoop.
Then what?s with saying ?fuck? Shouldn?t you say ?eat her out? or at least modify the term ?fuck? with something like ?fist??
?Snootchie Bootchies?.
Not this trip.  But one time, when I was using curb side check-in, this sky-cap gave me a cock ring and a set of anal ben-wa balls.  I always thought that was pretty strange.  He said his name was Frank.
I'm the voice of reason that Miss Bitch is having such a hard time listening to.
But you weren't always gay.
I'll be ready in a second.  I just have to school this mouthy second- stringer.
This is where you take straight chicks on dates?
Got laid
So your friend's quite the homophobe.
That chick bugs me.
Get off.
You know, you should watch that.  If you're going to get all bent out of shape while playing the game, so much so that you need to curse the t.v., try not to gay-bash it, alright. You're not that kind of guy.
And dead in the center, is a crisp, new, hundred dollar bill.  Now at the end of each of the streets, are four people, okay?  You following? Up here, we got a male-affectionate, easy-to-get-along-with, no political agenda lesbian.  Okay?  Now down here, we have a man-hating, angry-as- fuck, agenda-of-rage, bitter dyke. To this side, we got Santa Claus, right?  And over to this side - the Easter Bunny.
The man-hating dyke.
What is it about this girl?  You know you have no shot at getting her into bed!  Why do you bother wasting time with her?  Because you're Holden fucking McNeil - most persistent traveler on the road that's not the path of least resistance! Everything's gotta be a fucking challenge for you, and this little relationship with that bitch is a prime example of your fucking condition.  Well I don't need a fucking magic eight ball to look into your future; you want a forecast? Here - will Holden ever fuck Alyssa.
I'm in love with her, man.
Now we're haggling.
There's no 'we' here.  You're going to have to go through this alone. And it's one thing to read about shit, and something different when you're forced to deal with it on a regular basis.  When you guys are walking in the mall and both your heads turn at a really nice looking chick, it's going to eat you up inside.  You'll spend most of your time wondering when the other shoe's going to drop.  Because for you, this isn't about cool weird sex stuff, it's about love.
Yeah Alyssa - who've you been shacking up with?
Come on, Alyss - Hoboken Hussy or what?
I give a shit what people think.
Banky does not hate gays, you know that.
Are you Hooper X?
Holden - don't even try to come off like you don't know what I'm saying. Men need to believe that they're Marco fucking Polo when it comes to sex - like they're the only ones who've ever explored new territory. And it's hard not to let them believe it.  I let my boys run with it for awhile - feed them some of that "I've never done this before..." bullshit, and let 'em labor under the delusion that they rockin' my world, until I can't stand them anymore.  Then I hit 'em with the truth.  It's a sick game.  The world would be a better place if people would just accept that there's nothing new under the sun, and everything you can do with a person has probably been done long before you got there.
Yes, Holden - that's all it was: some sex!  Most of it stupid high school sex, for Christ's sake!  Like you never had sex in high school!
Man, this likeness rights shit is more profitable than selling smoke.
Ah, there ain't no such thing.  You gotta boil it all down to the essentials.  It's like Cube says - life ain't nothing but bitches and money.
You big fucking softie.
And you go out with her?  Shit, man - you're a lucky dog.  She bring other chicks to bed with you, get a little of that filet o' fish sammich going on?
So - four tits, or what?
I'm lust having a problem with all of it I can't get it out of my head these visuals of her doing all this shit.  And I don't know why I can't let it go.  Because I'm crazy about her, you know?  I look at this girl, I see the future.  I see kids.  I see grand-kids.
Saint Shithead.
Snootchie-bootchies.
'Snootchie-bootchies'.  Who talks like that?  That's baby-talk.
I know you're wondering why I asked you both here tonight, at the same time, knowing that we have shit to settle between us, separately.
You can.  I'll be there.  And when it's over, we'll be the strongest we've ever been because we got through some nasty shit together.  And we'll finally be on the same level together. And then there'll be nothing we can't accomplish.
Well, keep up the good work, man. Love them dick jokes.  Love 'em. See ya.
Ah you fat penguin!
Man I haven't been pulled over in six months. I bet those cops have got SCMODS.
SCMODS?
Hey you sleaze, my bed! Elwood sleeps in a chair.
You wouldn't do that to me would ya man?
What bums?
Best damn chicken in the state.
Oh man. Don't talk that way round here. My old lady, she'll kill me.
Matt, what the hell is he talking about?
What are we gonna do man? We got no gig.
Alright man, we've been in this car for three hours now. Where the hell is this place?
Chicken wire? Later on, a good size crowd has gathered and rednecks are talking and drinking. Elwood has a song list with requests on it.
Let's get the hell outta here.
Shit I'm gonna tell you boys that's some of the best goddamn music we've had in the Country Bunker in a long time.
Oh, well, hell you guys can learn it next time well ya come back.
Put us in the Double Up Lounge or the Morgan Park Theatre, or the Crystal. We always knock them dead in those joints.
Hold it, hold it. Tomorrow night? What are ya talking about? A gig like that, you gotta prepare the proper exploitation.
Yeah, yeah, sure.. . sure it's a deal. Ah listen all these cops out here, they're sorta waiting for us. We gotta get outta here without nobody seeing us. Do you know a back door outta this place?
Elwood. We're gone man.
Got a m:c, tch? HENHY
Come 1"1 th me.
Well, he didn 1 t know. You see, I told him I 1·,ould try to re0son id. th Sci th thatt's the blacknniler - a!'!d perhaps persuade him that what he was doing could cause incalculable hare not only to hls dau 0 hter but to hi~self as a humnn being~ .... but he dicln t t seem to see it that Hay.
Brussel spr'outs. Hell, Hell .. You 1 ve a.ch ieved a kir:d of irn.Jr,ortal i ty after all, haven't you? You'll be in all the er,cyclopeclias under 11 L" riv.ht alo~g with La~arclc and j~st bef~re Hendel.
. We II,. 0 ood nie;r, t, Andrcv1.
'.111 ere mu:: t be o H.'1Y.
NIGH'I'
.But it's jm:t not lite Andre,,;. I remember disti.nct1y his sciyins he 1-10uld do it wlth a razor. And Andrew never ch':ln 0 cd hls mind.
HErmY
'.Ih ere 1 s no ba,,1,, deur.
·namn, dann, dat"',_r"J.. trothing everLast Friday; I got fired for the first time.  I got high for the first time.  I got shot at for the first time and I kicked Debo's ass for the first time...
I was the man that night; and Debo ended up going to jail for a couple of years. But he told Ezal he was getting out next Friday.  He said, when he see me, he was gonna smoke me on the spot...
Craig!  Craig!  Off yo' ass and on yo' feet; this ain't the time to beat your meat!
I be got damn.
Well bring yo' ass on...
My great, great grand daddy on my Momma side; had a saying... 'See a fool -- leave a fool.'  Somebody else a get him. Plus, I don't want that fool shooting at my house trying to hit yo' ass.
Ah, son, don't be no hater.  You know your uncle ain't got no taste.  Just don't let him rub off on you.
No, I'mma go on to work.  I don't wanna hear Elroy's mouth.  Now listen to me, Craig.  It's gonna be different living over here.  Don't let your uncle and your cousin get you into no shit.  Understand?
Hey, Willie, how's it going?  Still steppin' in dog shit every day?
Make sure you look after my son out here. Don't get him involved with none of your bullshit, Roy.
Yep.  I forgot about him cussin' out everybody.  Damn that was fun.
Aw damn.
Naw, them dudes is assholes.  Especially that dog - Cheeco.  Watch this little ass, he's sneaky.  Plus, I got something better than a Cadillac.
This my cousin, Craig.  He just moved out here from L.A.  Craig, this is Miss Ho.
My name is Miss Ho Kym.  Day-Day just trying to be a smart ass.  Nice to meet you, Craig.  Are you 'bout it, 'bout it?
See you later, Day-Day.  Come by after work, I got the John Blaze shit for you.
Okay, okay, that's enough.  Go put on some damn clothes.
Man, that girl's gonna kill me one day. Viagra ain't working.  My back keep going out... she don't never get enough.  But check this out.  I got to lay some ground rules.
Day-Day, the crazy bitch is back!
I be damned.
Because, it's been a little tension between us ever since they got out the joint and ran their momma crazy.  And I'm just trying to keep the peace.  We moved out here to get away from that shit.
Man, why you do that?  I told you not to talk to that girl.
Boy, I can roll a blunt better than them bitches in Havana.  I know Willie don't let'cha smoke in the house, but I'm ya uncle.  I don't care how high you get in my house.  Long as you let me hit it...
We gotta stop or something, man.  My ass is hurting.  This handlebar is hard.
Look, Roach, I know you ain't never worked in a record shop before and you're a little excited.  But if Pinky catches you doing that X-Games shit off his counter top, we both getting fired.  You feel me?
I can't get jiggy with this shit.
Where is the damn manager?
I don't have no damn cover.
Craig, this Roach.  Roach, this is my cousin, Craig.
You damn right that's the big one.
Right this way.  You know damn well you don't listen to no jazz.
Haul ass, dude.  Don't stop.
Hell yeah, I remember you.
I'm sorry for what my brother did this morning.  They're assholes.
Yo' cousin, Craig.  Hook us up.
You know what he mean, dude.
You don't wanna know.
Fuck yeah.
Look, man, you hittin' them goddamn corners too fast.  Slow down.  I almost spilled my Hennessy on this 300 dollar suit.
I be damn.
Yoooo, that's it.  You ain't as dumb as I think you are, Roach.
Craig, what the hell are you doing?
Ah damn.  Damn.
Damn.
Say, man, what the hell you doing in there?  Open the door.
Let it go, Roach, trust me.
Dude, dogs hate me.  I don't know why. Me and K-9's just don't get along.
Look at those tig-ole-bitties
Yo, man fuck that shit.  Do it later. It's Friday, time to party, SA.
I be damn.
Hell naw, Willie. Them fleas and tics must be sucking on yo' brain!
Keep your mouth shut.
Craig, where the hell you been?
Hold up, Elroy, that's my boy.  Craig, what the hell wrong with you?  Where you been?
Willie, shut up.  Yo' old ass need to get in a little bit o' trouble sometimes.
Damn.
Yeah, brown and white relations, too.
Boy, you gonna get us killed.
Boy, Day-Day, I'mma kick yo' ass for getting me into this mess and hurting my back!  I moved out here to get away from this kinda shit!
Get off yo' back, Craig!
Sorry, my ass.
That's a whole lot of scrilla.
Hey, that George Jefferson shit works. Thanks, Miss Kym.
Are you fucking nuts! Jack yanks Eddie to the side walk. Trying to get his bearings. A BIKE MESSENGER whizzing by makes Jack flinch the BUSINESS MAN reaching into his briefcase ... Suddenly EVERYONE looks like a potential killer.
Big mess out there Jack. You didn't lose the wit, did ya? No.
I figure it this way. You pop the guys trying to spring the rat bastard but the little shit gets your gun. Takes you hostage. We come in and save the day. He dies you live. Like ordering a sandwich. Waits for Jack to process it. Eyeing him like a father would the wayward son.
None taken. Coming from a guy who's spent half his adult life in the joint.
You are nuts.
Hoe mien!
Years ago we'd try to bust this place every six months or so. Never could catch the big shits. Until we discovered a feed tunnel down here.
What are we doing here Jack? both too old for this shit.
NUGENT
You have to watch out for all those pige--
In spite of the ~ain ... Eddie smiles. That same damn smile he had when we first met him in that cell ninety-eight minutes ago.
You know whether or not...you have a thing goin' down.  I do not.
But we know this guy.  I think you know this guy.  Normally, he is cool.  Tonight he is distraught. That is atypical.  That engenders foreboding.  Do you understand the meaning of the word "foreboding"? As in badness is happening to your deal right fucking now?
So I gave them up, man!  Gave up the Feds!  Gave up everything I knew.  Now I got to go home...
I'm also called "Cochi Loco."  That means "Crazy pig."  'Cause I enforce security and get people to tell me what I need to know.  That part of what I do, you never want to find out about.
Where the hell are you, man?
And who was Pablo Escobar?  A provincial who got busted-out by the white collars from Cali.  When the gringos got him, he was nobody. We're three times better than Pablo Escobar.
Gina.  Like Alonzo's wife...  Cochi Loco's got her.
Those jMfilfi_my eyebrows.
You know, what some blokes want foreign ideas, if you ask me. Dark Annie just stares at her. She's the most experienced of them all and obviously nothing's off the menu with her.
Sorry for em? I would if they tried to help themselves. You've seen what it's like down Commercial Road • the night schools and the free institute are empty. But you cen't say that about the pubs, can you? Drinking's the biggest industry in Whitechapel. And the women are as bad as the men.
You have a good man in Whitechepel,
Hello. A strappin' fella like you - you're lookin' for company, I bet.
The Old Nichol Street boys. That lass Annie Chapman was cut by them. And then there was Emma Smith - we damn well know, they killed her.
That's the newspapers for you trumping everything up. They don't let the truth get in the way of a good story. The "Star's" got some bloke called "Leather Apron". Of course, he just happens to be a butcher so that's put the fear of God up everyone.
But it goes deeper than that, Pete this has got sex and blood and death. Those are the things of myth, older than any of us. Look at these people! It makes you wonder what else is ripping along just below the surface. Get some men - keep those bloody kids awayl i i
Jesus, Mary! I know it's not your fault this bloke's gone away, but we've got to get money from somewhere. What are we going to do?
The Old Nichol Street blokes. The other women look et her, incredulous KATE Don't be stupid!
A couple of you blokes know e friend of mine - Annie Chapman. Dark Annie.
Yes, Polly. And next time you want to send us a messege just come to Miller's Rents.
You're e hendsome man.
There's only one bloke I know of that name, not thet you'll find him listed anywhere. Superintendent Ben Kidney. He works for the Speciel Branch.
Oh, there'd be a file alright, but they keep all that stuff to 'emselves. You won't find out nought from them. Dirty bastards, if you ask me.
I went to the boarding house. A bloke there said you looked like you were dressed for work.
Just that she had a daughter. She went down the rabbit hole and the wicked old queen said "off with her head".
I don't think it's a hoax. I think one of the bastards from the gutter press wrote it. Abberline stares at him. The logic of what he says sinks in.
Not this week. Peter Leyland said he saw her on Monday at the Horn 0' Plenty, pissed out of her mind. Have you tried Miller's Rents?
There's a bloke just arrived from London. He says they're offering a two hundred quid reward for the Whitechapel killer.
Don't be daft! Four women take a punt on getting some money and two of 'em are killed. It's gotta be that artist bloke. What's his name • Sicken?
Open the bloody door! Liz crewls to the door on her knees and unslips the bolt. The door swings open LANDLORD Your doss money only lasts 'til midnight. You've got an hour to pay another day or get your ass out of here.
I didn't ask. The bloke'd believe I'd want to rut Mary Kelly, but not the other two.
In your dirty dreams.
He cannot carry, he has a dicky back ... wait, your luggage? How long are you staying?
I can get Hobnobs out here, you know. I know a way.
Your Madgesty.
I'm gay. She stares at him. Beat.
Beware, jolly Swagmen, I'll skewer yer gizzards.
Stride boldly up to the bloody thing, stare it square in the eye, and talk to it as you would to any decent Englishman.
When I give a speech...I bloody stutter!!!
Ddddddoooing ggggggggood.
The bloody man did parlour tricks and cheated me out of a shilling.
I'm on with Wallis!
Mine lay rigid, fists clenched angrily at his sides, daring the Reaper: take me, you bastard!
I mean the damn questions!
With the wrong sort of woman!
...I've ever really talked to. Sometimes, when I ride through the streets and see a `bloke' I'm struck by how little I know of his life, and how little he knows of mine. Cuts both ways.
A public school prig could do better.
Why's that, old chap?
Canada: no. Union of South Africa: an inappropriate marriage would create a permanent wound. The Irish Free State: states it is not really their affair, and, bluntly, our English King may marry any whore he wants, they'll be well out of it.
Bloody Irish.
That's why we're suited. I'm just an ordinary bloke.
She's right, those two chaps are staring at me.
When the war came, by the time I was ready to be shipped out, the first casualties were limping home. Poor buggers, broken in bone and spirit. `Lionel, you're good with your mouth, see if you can help these poor sods.' The shell-shocked were the saddest. Most stuttered profoundly. Far worse than you. Muscle therapy helped somewhat, but I found I had to go deeper, as you might well imagine.
In your head, now: "Bugger, bugger, bugger! Damn, damn, damn! All those bloody blighters are going to have to listen to me!" Can you dance?
`Walk up to the bloody thing boldly, stare it square in the eye, man to man.'
Bloody right.Here, give me your arm! I'll get you out of here! Hang on there, Shep! Get a hold - Just hold tight, old fella.
Can you imagine that, fellas? Her name is Nikki!
You're a sissy drinker.
Say, Nikki, let's ditch these drunks and go off somewhere by ourselves. These crazy fools are liable to do anything.
Come on, you fellas. Nikki wants to go to bed.
You fellas think you're gonna PARK here?
Well, cheerio, fellas. I'm off.
Not like Shep.
I'm not gonna let these silly drunks tell ME where to get off.
Grab hold of that fella and drag him out of here.
Wake up, ya big sissy.
Take your hands off me.
I know. Isn't it awful? I work with those guys. They're assholes.
Oh, you've turned into a sexy Italian bastard.
I remember you told me you were Scottish, but do you really like haggis.
How about you? In a guy.
Me likey how you thinkey.
Now this is something none of the other tour guides will tell you. In this particular cell block Machine Gunn Kelly had, what we call in the prison system, a "bitch." And one day, in a jealous rage, Kelly took a makeshift knife, or "shiv," and cut out his "bitch's" eyes.
Ah, Charlie, lighten up. You've got a pickle up your ass.
Yeah, apparently she also confessed to killing Abe Lincoln, Julius Caesar, and Warren G. Harding. She's a nut, Spiletti!
One of your old Oxford pals?
Yes, highballs it is.
A lot of these newly rich people are just filthy bootleggers.
When these hot headed types appear, I rely on you... But you were not available.. A scene was made... What's going on with you Jay?
You brute.
We're all white here, Tom.
The only respectable thing about you, old sport, is your money, that's it, and now I've just as much as you; so that means we're equal!!
Because she kicks ass!
Those are the ones who want to be famous. They get caught, get on TV, everyone sees them and they become famous.
Get off my back.
You look like ass dude.
You fix now. My wife no like.
She's fine ass. Wouldn't mind tossing a hotdog down that hallway.
You mean to tell me that, you, a cop, tough guy, allowed a punk to better you? Something took you out of your element. What was it? Russell's anger flares. 96
I'm having gay thoughts my shrink.
That's them. Dude came in every week for months. Not a word. Let his cash talk. Plenty loud for me.
Your buddy's got issues.
Chopped him up in the bathtub, put him in a bag and buried it in the basement. Can't say as I blame her. He was an asshole. Every real estate person in this town tried to sell that house and never could.
Gabrielle! I gave up my inheritance for you! My bloody freedom!
You... You! What?
Listen, we’re holding dynamite here. We have created something very powerful. But if it goes off at the wrong time it will blow our bloody heads off.
I’d be a hypocrite if I did,
We don’t have filth under our roof.
Where the hell have you been?
... Has taken the position we’re a bunch of antiquated bloody idiots fighting a war we don’t understand and can’t possibly win. We’re beginning to see the military steel in Mallory. M won’t give an inch:
Take him in there. Bond is led off in the opposite direction by four of the armed Heavies. One last look from Severine.
I've given thirty years and two marriages to this agency. I've shoveled shit on four continents. I'm due to retire next year and believe me, I need my pension, but if you think I'm gonna sit here and let you dangle me with this, you can go to hell. Marshall too.
Good, then gimme the damn picture back.
I'll say. You killed his goddam girlfriend instead. Now they're onto Neski. They're at the Brecker Hotel even as we speak.
Oh, shit...Just like Nixon.
I think she said "feck."
Hey guys!  Check it out!  William doesn't have any pubes!
Take good care of her in San Francisco, man.
This is Penny Lane, man.  Show some respect.
I talked to Dick with Stillwater, I talked with Sabbath.  They're all dying to see us.   It's all happening.
Dicky and Gregg send you their love.
But we didn't do it for that!  We are here because we needed to fuckin be here, not just 'cause we needed to away from Troy, Michigan, WHICH WE DID... but what it all comes down to is that thing. The Indefinable Thing, when people catch something from your music, the thing you put into it.  I'm talking about... what am I talking about?
Damn.
Well, go do your job then.  You're on the road, man.  It's all happening!  Get in there.  Go talk to 'em!
"Loooooooooooooooooooooooovvve... "
But it's Rolling Stone.  He looks harmless, but he does represent the magazine that trashed Eric Clapton, broke up Cream, ripped Led Zeppelin, and wrote that lame story about the Allman Brothers Band that bummed Duane out before he died.  Don't forget the Rules.  This little shit is the Enemy. He writes what he sees.
Well, shit.  Thank you.
You want to pretend this isn't going to be a very big band.  Well it is.  You call yourself a leader of this band, but your direction allowed the t-shirt, when you allowed Dick to manage us, 'cause he's your friend... don't you see?  The t-shirt is everything.  It's everything.
We're just real Topeka people, man.
Aaron?  Where's your bathroom?  I want to live here. I want to eat your food, and live in your city and fuckin rock like I used to.  I want to learn everything there is to know about your city and your town.  And your way of being real.
Dick Roswell, please?
Pants him.  Opie must die.
Quit looking at me like that.
Oh - get this - somebody told Penny Lane I sold her for beer.  The network of these chicks!  Like I would do that. It's Jeff who told her, right?  Not you, right?  None of these guys can just calm down and be a fuckin adult. Now she's here, freaking out.  Leslie can smell it.
The cover of Rolling Stone.  And we made it together.  They don't just put somebody with one little hit on the cover of Rolling Stone Fucking Magazine, man.  We made it.
I'm gay.
Have a good vacation.  I hope the band stays together.  Before it all went down the shitter, it was starting to get really good.
Nice k::ickers.
Holy shit, :hat was close. it didn t :-eset. 1
c. squeegee !:::::-ush :::::-::;:-n ::.:.s :back pocke:: a:::c ::.:..ps
There's your one exception. Guy's always giving me shit.
=oc a scage!
Brodie-man! Nitchy, noinch!
I got a musket tangled in my girl:::::iend's hair.
Silent Bob's an electrical genius. can set up a car with a kicker box usina a Walkman and two watch batteries. Motherfucker's like MacGuyver.
Jerk.
She' :. :. be t::ie
is face-to-face with the Dude. The Dude looks at him.
Are you nuts? ~hat guy's pure testosterone! He's a walking iard-on, just looking for a hole.
Holy shit. You sincerely love that girl.
:twas a costume party, T.S. Nobody could tell it was me. 3esides -- who else but you remembers shit like that?
Nobody remembers shit like that? GWEN
Oh shit, :·m late!
You stink palm him.
Someti~es, yes. 3uc c~ occasion you :ec a nugget. of t=~ct slip out t~at accually makes some sense. : think
'lerJ ;;ood of you.
Paine is, that night, it seemed like I'd had chis life-lasting, adverse effect. :in this girl. Oh, she swore she·~ ~ever aet over ~t. 3ut she did::': kill herself, she wenc on co date at.hers, and that just proves my pain: ::hat girls get over things.
stares at it,
Hey, I love tits as much as the next guy, but why would I want to pay some old hag good money for some supernatural chicanery, coupled with sagging, ·,:rinkled, weathered boobs?
(indicating his crotch
Dude, :::his looks like your morn.
No, :he couple.
See? :,hat ::id she know? Here vou are now: a leaend in the field. ?~obablv had a slew-of women since her, am I · _right? I
Look, dude, don't give him any shit.
I don't hate gay oeoole!
Terrific! Speaking of, that’s some ring ya got there. Columbus looks back to see Madison is wearing Wichita’s engagement Hope Diamond ring. His face says... Goddamnit.
Really? But you don’t have any luggag- Oh. You were kidding. You guys are all very sarcastic.
This... was our first T-800. Named for the Terminator it-fucking-self. T-800s were still the same species as other zombies.
...the wedge-shaped AIR CONDITIONING UNIT on the roof of the R.V. LODGES under the concrete OVERHANG of the gas station. Shit.
Lemme guess. You let all the air out of the tires. ANGLE ON the R.V. Indeed, COLUMBUS has let ALMOST ALL the air out. And the RIMS are SHREDDING the rubber to SHIT.
Where did he learn all this shit?
I’ll do the damn movie!
The cart SPLASHES into the lake and SINKS with the Aykroyd still attached. Cement shoes, Riviera style. At last, Murray stands alone, AMPED as shit. collar.
I saw. I kicked its ass.
You know your Elvis.
That’s a double negative. Meaning you would stick your neck out for somebody. You just ain’t found the right somebody.
Yessir. Dallas had a monster truck show the night the zombies first hit. ‘Big Fat Death’ was just sitting there! Sixty-six-inch tires. Two-axle steering. Bitchand-a-half to drive, but a real in kick once you get the hang.
Can we not use the word Beast. Tubbs to my Crockett over here is an animal, too. Eats zombies for breakfast and shits ‘em out by lunch.
OMG. We’re still finishing each other’sWICHITA Sandwiches.
I was too damn overbearing.
Kick some dicks.
Thank God for rednecks.
I thought you wanted to be a Blackfoot.
Shit. You’ve got some... on your... He pulls a small sleeve of WET-NAPS from his back pocket. Reaches out and dabs her cheek.
Do you know what a Will is, old chap?
Pasha Antipov, you're an awful prig.
away from him.
Oh Madace Sventytski -
\lhich banci of hooligans constitutes the Gcvernir.'e'::" of this ccun'try. DISSOLVE EXTERIOR i-.OSPITAL
EX''fl:RICR G!'!Ol,iEKO $1REEi'
Shut him up Doctor; he'll land you in trouble.
Long live anarchy! Lickspittle ! Bureaucrat!
Yuriatin is occupied by White Guards. Is that why you're going there?
General, I am not a White Agent.
Petya, get out of my way.
Their two heads. He kissing her asshe rotates her head, her eyes closed. • YURI draws away a little and looks at her, his expression a little ruthless. She opens her eyes. His mouth descends on hers.
Y'know, I'm gonna miss that pudgy little ass of yours.
What a pig.
I've known him since he was seven years old.  He was a pig then too.
Street punks are one thing, Jim.  This is Walter Barrett -- a personal friend of mine!
Someone's got to set an example for those two tightwads.
What exactly are you --
Shit -- that's Tiptree!!
Mr. Tiptree!  What the hell are you --
It's "Dick", isn't it?  Or do you prefer "Richard"?
I think you're a dirty little man with a --
Thank you, Master Dick.  And...bravo.
Stay Jewish.
It's some pimped out Hebrew dude in a caddy.
Pfff. Shit nigga, ain't no thang. Hey, yo Santy Claus, so does this mean that you gonna make me an official elf now?
I want you to talk dirty to me.
Kiss me you Semitic stud!
You eyeballin' me son!?
Merry Kwanzaa nigga!
Damn sugar, what happened to you?
Mo, get him out of my sight.
You're live with Lowrey.
Hey, Dick. How many times I gotta tell you? I don't work robbery. I'm in Narcotics. Meanwhile, Lowrey's holding the car door open as the kids pile into the jump seat in the back.
Oh, baby.   Damn. Lowrey shakes his head.
Nice of you to roll in. And nothing particular is going on around here except, maybe, your dope is gone. That's right. The biggest dope bust in the history of this department up and walked out of this locker, along with maybe my job and the two of yours if we don't get the shit back.
There's gonna be a lotta cash when the dope hits the street. We want you to put the word out through your bank and hustle the account.  You help us, maybe we can see about getting those R.T.C. auditors off your ass.
You know? I'm a cop. I shot somebody just last week. Didn't kill him, just shot him in the ass. Stone cold looks from them all. They walk away with Burnett giving a "what did I say" look. Lowrey appears.
And I plan on living to be old just like 'em. Rubbin' Ben Gay on my joints and everythin'.
No, man.    Musta been you.
Yo, you're live with Lowrey.
Heh -- all these damn things look alike.
You know, Mr. Burnett. I'm getting off in just a few minutes, so... I could watch the door if you like. You know. In a chair. I could just sit in it. Outside the door like cops do when they're guarding shit.
Me? Gay?   Are you outta your mind?
Your dog took a shit.
Hey, man. Don't mess with me! That's the mother of my children. Don't break up a happy home.
You know, this is like some really bizarre shit that you're on right now. Your wife asked me to do this, and I'm doin' it. Besides, I'm you, remember?
You know, it is a damn shame she makes you buy this stuff.
Everglades. Only part of South Florida that's zoned for Wild Kingdom shit. 'Course, the crocks down there'll probably eat your brother's cat.
I think we protected your uninvited butt pretty good back there.
Nah. Some smooth shit I got on my own. He puts his arm around her and they walk back.
I'm different. I'm a cop.     And now I gotta kill a guy.
Hey, Sanchez. It's me Lowrey... Yeah? Same to you, pal. But listen. I got something you'll want a piece of.
Okay. All I know is his name. Foo-shay, I think. Got this heavy French accent. The word was he offs drug dealers. And there was quick cash for whoever had the balls enough to hook up with him. I swear, man, watchin' your house was my first gig for the guy.
Or one really smart sonofabitch.
Jojo)                        I'm sorry for you, Jojo. Talk to me. Tell me what         I was on your side. I'll I want to know. I'll do          just be over here. I you man, say it. Come on.        don't want no skull fragments or brain shit on me. When that shit flies, it don't wash off.
Okay, okay. I definitely don't know for sure. But I know a little for sure. Three guys... well, two guys and one of them's dead. Crazy rocket-scientist, Einstein fuckin' guy. Got some rich mommy and daddy. Tell you where he's at.
Man. Will you get off this? You're making me sick.
Well, what do we have back here? Looks like we got us two pimps and a hooker.
Hey, fellahs. Maybe if she does us both we'll let you leave with your pride intact.
Whoah. You better watch it, fellahs!
Ooh, look at that. It's a detective's shield! All gold and shiny. A smart fellah wouldn't fuck with somebody who had one of these in his pocket. So... Let's see. I guess that makes us policemen. And you...
That's the plan... So, Mike. Loan some of those ass kicking clothes.
Save your crap, Mike.
What do you say about someone who rips off drug dealers? A man like that ain't scared of nobody. Not the police. Not you guys. Nobody.
Who's the bimbo?
You got a real way with kids, Lowrey.Damnation!  Codfish and cockles! Gammon and trotters!  You've bested me, Jack.
Rat-spittle and toad-breath! Damned, accursed cross twixt a she- bat and a bullfrog!  How dare you use Jenny Greenteeth so?
What you do, boy?  You be velly solly, come here intellupt my sleep.
What?  Speakee loud!  No hear velly good.
You come stealee tleasoo?
An' how you do it?  How you rift cuss?
You come stealee tleasoo?
I'm in your debt, Screwball.
These chaps'll need a woodpecker to pick their teeth.
Foul fellow, this Couer de Noir.
Honeythorn Gump, is it?  I've not seen your ugly face since you sold me a jug of cow piss claiming it was dragon's tears.
We're both of us damned, my beauty.
You... you... you mortal you!
Why not mine the damned walls?
Here we go then, lads.  You heard Jack.  Every man with a bow, front and center... Aim up through the shields.  Send these damn gad-flies to hell...
Dear... oh, dear... straight from Hell by the looks of 'em...
You lie!
I'm not letting that scum put me off my food. That'd be like a moral victory.
Where are you going in such a hurry my little ruffian? Pilfering by the look of you?
Alright, we'll close this down gents. None of you are to say a word, not even to your old mother.
I grew up 3 streets from here. Matheson Lane. The Skrummers Workhouse.
No one else will do anything about this, you know? They just think this is a slum. No one really cares what happens to the people here. Except for you. And me.
This is a dud.
Get out of my way.
Don't be a greedy little pig Freddy. You have to earn more.
What are you talking cabout?
They’re just glorified park rangers, Julie. Even if Dobbs wanted to help, he couldn’t find his own ass with two hands and a flashlight. Julie slides into the passenger seat, the entire weight of the tragedy on her shoulders.
Come on, Reggie. Don’t be a dick. Let’s go on the dive. Camille finally finishes her phone call.
They’re Arizona State girls, Zack. They’re all looking for some preppie asshole with a Porsche and a trust fund. That ain’t us.
My ass? Taylor wades up onto shore.
And a fine ass it is.
Back off man.
Oh, man, you are so busted.
Damn...
Holy shit... Julie!
Nope. Nope. listen. Listen! You tell that girl to stay close to home. Don’t move. Give her this. You send her ass on her way right now. Victoria comes back into the kitchen.
Teardrop says you best keep your ass real close to the willows, dear. He hopes this helps. Victoria presses a wad of bills into Ree’s hand. joint out of her cigarette package.
It’s Ree, you asshole. And I’m only out to find Dad.
He’s known for never fucking up labs or cooking bad batches. He’s known for knowing what he’s doing.
My ass, you will.
No, no, I give that up. A couple months ago Jessup and me run across each other by total accident. He got me to laughing so, things rekindled for a day or two. Then he was gone again. Then about, maybe, three or four weeks back, I’d stopped at Cruikshank’s, he was in there with three fellas I didn’t know, and they didn’t look to be having no fun, either.
Who he hell is he?
Well, he was short on his bond. Then this fella comes in the office one evening, got him a sack full of crinkled money and just laid it down right there to cover the rest. Seemed like somebody needed him sprung in a hurry.
This fella with the money have a name?
You got something to say, child, you best say it now. Ree thinks a minute, her eyes locked on Thump.
For this? Yeah. A case or two. Wardaddy lights a cigarette. Then scratches another notch in his knife with his GI can opener. It’s tense - They are behind German lines and acutely aware of the danger they’re in. But danger becomes routine. After years of it... Coon-Ass smirks - KNOWING he’ll get a rise...
Drunk or not I can start a damn tank.
VROOM! -- The engine ROARS to life. They are relieved. Low key and businesslike, they don their headsets - It’s now unbelievably loud in the tank. Coon-Ass joins Wardaddy and Bible in the turret basket. Move out!
BEHIND GORDO -- We see the turret basket rotating, the legs of Wardaddy, Bible and Coon-Ass standing inside - It’s an impressive sight...
A goddamned flank guard mission? Wardaddy nods at the Fury. Looking even more ragged in the daylight.
The latrine to take a shit. I ain’t shit in a week. NORMAN ELLISON a shiny new Private with a dufflebag intercepts Wardaddy.
That’s home. Do what you’re told. And don’t get too close to no one. Wardaddy walks off. Norman approaches the tank. Bible and Coon-Ass scrutinize the newcomer. Gordo slides out from under the hull, bathed in mud. The three feral tankers eye Norman. Gordo grabs Norman’s dufflebag and searches it. Norman afraid to stop him.
The Tired GI’s drop their prisoner. They look at Wardaddy like getting ready to do something about it. Coon-Ass aims his Tommy gun at them...
I know what I did. He’s an SS. They’re real assholes. Wardaddy shakes a smoke from his pack. Scratches another notch in his knife with his can opener.
We get hit, we’re gonna burn out. And we’re gonna burn out fast. Our tanks are shit boxes. German guns punch through them like butter. See this... He points at a hatch in the floor under his seat.
You motherfucker. EXT. DIRT ROAD - DAY Farmer’s fields on either side. The tank column passes an OLD FARMER riding a hay wagon pulled by two old horses. Columns of black smoke rise in the distance. Wardaddy spreads his map on the turret. Marks their destination. Coon-Ass opens his hatch, next to Wardaddy’s.
I’m done trying to convert you heathens. Mind if I continue invading Germany?
You happy now you little shit? You should be in school drinking milk. You didn’t have to fight us you idiot. Wardaddy aims his weapon - BRDDT! - Ends the boy’s short lived war. He returns to the Fury. BANGS on Norman’s hatch with his gun butt.
They put me on the line in the Bulge. They don’t want us killing the white man. Until it’s their necks. I killed me a whole bunch. Krauts got real hot when they saw who was doing it. It was just like killing hogs.
That’s right. INT. FURY - DAY Coon-Ass and Wardaddy are alone in the turret. Coon-Ass is crying. His nerves are getting the best of him.
Sbut up. Shut your mouth. Don’t you spook that kid any more than he’s already spooked. We need him.
Wardaddy smiles at the old leathery bastard.
Bible fires the instant he hears that. KABOOM! The cannon slams back in recoil, ejecting the spent shell. Coon-Ass rams another shell into the breech, punching it in with fist KERCHACK! - The breech block slams shut... Clear.
Wardaddy spins the prisoner and kicks him to the dirt. Norman looking at the big pistol. Bible watching this unfold from the Fury’s turret. Gordo watches from the driver’s hatch. Coon-Ass stops tossing out fired cannon shells to watch too.
Why the hell not?
That was a shit show. Was that supposed to make a man out of me? My conscience is clean. I’m keeping it that way. The Fury crews trade looks. They’ve all been there. Gordo puts a brotherly arm around Norman.
Don’s crazy as a shithouse rat. But he’s solid. We’ve been together since before Africa. I won’t fight with nobody else.
First time we got shot at in North Africa, Don shit his drawers. Stunk the tank up real good. Norman looks at Wardaddy. Unable to imagine him ever afraid. EXT. ROAD INTO TOWN - DAY Wardaddy’s four tanks lead the men and vehicles of Baker Company to their next objective. Infantry Soldiers ride on the tanks, ten or more on each. They are followed by several
There you go, kid. She’s sure as shit fuck you for a chocolate bar. Norman looking at Gordo. Scandalized by that. Then, he cracks a smile at the sheer absurdity - Norman is starting to become a frontline soldier.
Hey! Shoot that guy! Yeah, him. The SS cocksucker with the busted wing. Without hesitation, a young SKINNY SOLDIER pulls the SS Officer from the line, aims his Tommy gun at him and... BRDDDDDT! Stitches the hardened Nazi from crotch to throat. The Burgermeister gives Wardaddy a grateful nod.
Rubbing out them Heinies. You splashed ‘em real good. Wasn’t nothing right? Norman looks at Wardaddy - realizes he NEEDS Norman to agree with him - To agree it’s nothing to kill people. As if Norman can give Wardaddy absolution for all the men he’s killed. Norman lies and tells him what he wants to hear.
My husband. He died in Russia. Wardaddy appears behind Coon-Ass and takes the photo from him. He gently hands it to Irma.
In France we hit the beach right after D-Day and fought through all those fucking hedgerows. We finally broke out into open country. And bypassed all these Kraut divisions. We linked up the Canadians and British and trapped an entire Kraut Army pulling back to Germany. We fucked them up. With planes and artillery. Dead Krauts and horses and busted up tanks and cars for miles. Miles. Your eyes see it but your head can’t make no sense of it. We go in there. And for three whole days we shot wounded horses. All day long. Sun up to sundown. Putting down horses. Hot summer days. Ain’t smelled nothing like it. The sound of it. Those fucking horses screaming. Black clouds of flies buzzing. Like being in a giant bee hive. Norman’s eyes bug. He’s lost his appetite.
The seventh seal’s broken, buddy. You can’t put the shit back in the horse. Wardaddy pulls his .45 And SLAMS it on the table. Coon-Ass backs down. A painfully tense silence follows. Wardaddy’s fork scrapes against his plate as he shovels eggs and bacon into his mouth. Finally he looks at Norman. Smiles warmly.
Irma stands stoically. Hands folded in front of her. Lips pursed. Norman grabs his greasegun. Slips on his helmet. It’s hateful to leave. Just hateful. Emma runs to him and holds on to him for dear life. Coon-Ass grabs the boy by the scruff and drags him away.
I drank then. I’d get asshole drunk and Rose hated it. There was a dance in town. With a band from Wichita. I had her old man’s truck. My little brother came with us. He was sixteen. And looked just like you. With the same “I’m smarter than everyone else around me” expression you got. And he was. Book smart and people smart. A good kid. Well I drank two bottles of nickel whisky and got in a punch-up at the dance with this big Indian. K.O.ed him with a bottle.
Sounds copacetic.
IN THE TURRET - Bible wipes his face with a rag. Coon-Ass refills the ready rack with ammo...
Radio’s are eighty-sixed. We’re on our lonesome until Baker Company shows up. Coon-Ass lights a smoke with shaking hands. Gordo wipes the grit from face with a sleeve.
Quit? Quit?! Boy, we get a dollar thirty five a day plus free chow and smokes. A goddamn paid European vacation. Best job I had. Coon-Ass wasn’t trying to be funny. He’s shaken to his core. Wardaddy lets them vent. He passes Gordo a bottle of brandy. Gordo takes it and downs a long swig. Wardaddy SEES Norman sitting there quietly. Covered with hydraulic oil and blood. Staring into space.
Having a good time, kid? Norman looks at Wardaddy and shakes his head thinking “What the fuck is wrong with these people.” Wardaddy smiles. He knows Norman will be okay.
Don, you can be a real callous bastard sometimes.
That’s real inspiring. Shit, now I wanna storm the gates of Hell and snatch Satan off his throne by his balls. Norman turns to Wardaddy and deadpans:
We threw a track. EXT. FURY - DUSK Wardaddy aiming his .50 Cal at the nearby buildings. Coon-Ass exits the turret. Examines the broken track and the smoking crater the mine made.
Not planning on it. EXT. CROSSROADS - DUSK Gordo and Bible have started unbolting a section of track from Fury’s side. Coon-Ass shouts to Wardaddy:
Hurry up with that sack ‘a shit. Wardaddy jumps down to help. He tosses the body on the front of the tank. Pulls off his jacket and puts it on the body.
Now they ain’t gonna see nothing but a shot-out tank with a blown track. Get it. Button up. The men slip into the Fury and close the hatches. It looks like a bigger shit pile than when we first saw it, bathed in the firelight of the burning packs and the German corpse. Debris scattered around it, a broken track... INT. FURY - NIGHT Norman lines up boxes of ammunition for his machine gun. He wipes the gun with a rag. Gordo loads his submachine-gun. Stacks up extra magazines. He opens a case of grenades and removes their safety clips -Pausing to swig from his bottle of brandy. Coon-Ass organizes the main gun rounds.
Turns this cannon into a big fucking shotgun. Wardaddy pulls out a bottle of French Cognac. He opens it. Stares at it like it’s the very gates of Hell. Bible is mortified Wardaddy is considering drinking it.
Bible drinks from the bottle. Then hands it to Coon-Ass. Who takes a long pull. He passes it to Gordo. He takes a swig and passes to Norman. Norman finishes the bottle.
The SS TROOPERS split off and investigate the Old House and the BEER HALL. Ten more rush ahead of the march column to investigate the Fury. They approach the tank. Unconcerned. Searching the various crates for rations and cigarettes like kids on Christmas morning. Two troopers climb aboard the tank. INT. FURY - NIGHT The crew listens to the movement around the tank. The SCRAPING of metal hobnailed boots against the tank’s hull. It is hateful to do nothing. Bible’s foot hovers above the firing button on the turret floor. Eyes glued to his periscope. Wardaddy waiting. Watching. A grenade in each hand. Coon-Ass sweating bullets. Wondering why Wardaddy doesn’t give the order to shoot. Norman’s face pressed against his scope. He licks his lips. His mouth is bone dry. NORMAN’S PERISCOPE POV - He SEES a TROOPER reaching for his hatch... Norman aims his greasegun up at his hatch. Norman is scared shitless. His hatch opens revealing an astonished SS Trooper. Norman squeezes the trigger of his greasegun... BRDDDDDDDT! - Blowing the Trooper off the tank. Alarm! Hit ‘em!
Keep squirting that coax! Traverse right! Steady... On! Fire! KABOOM! - Bible fires. The gun spits out the smoking brass shell. Coon-Ass shoves a fresh shell into the breech. Clear!
Okay! Loader. Four rounds of Willy Pete up. Bible put ‘em in those buildings. Burn the fucking things to the ground, they’re full ‘a Krauts. Wardaddy’s periscope spins 360-degrees as he turns to continually check the rear of the tank. Bible works the hand wheel and aims at the building.
Don’t shit your panties. We still got head weapons and the fifty. Wardaddy opens his hatch and climbs out.
I bet I could drink both of you fools under the table.
Its on like Donkey Kong, bitches.
Hell yeah, do work.
Yeah, on that OG kush!
Your mom licks butt hole.
Hell yeah she is! Shes that Fiyai!
Dude trust. She’s shmexy as hell. I’d bash.
Hell yeah!
Did you see that movie “The Inside”? It was French. That shit was pretty dope.
Ya…
So she's dating a lame ass rapper? Does he have a rap name?
I'm a real nigga.
Damn straight.
She's the bitch from “Audition” or something.
My brother has a point there, man. I know for a fact if a weird Asian chick is crushin’ on you like that and then you reject her you are either gonna have a grudge put on you or she is gonna crawl out of your TV in 7 days. True story, bro.
Fuck, bro, I left my backpack in the back. Can you pass me it?
Get your own damn backpack.
Man, I saw that happen in The Godfather, someone gets strangled while they’re sitting in the front seat. That shit’s impossible to get out of.
Not if you let your seat go back. That was pretty bad ass though. What was that?
I'm a real nigga.
Damn! Derron, that shit was ill.
I can handle shit myself.
The cell reception in my house sucks balls, bro. Let me text you.
Fool, I have horrible reception in my house. It's like a rule, when you have GayT&T you can't get coverage in your house or some shit. I think its like a plot to get you to pay for their home phone service, dude. But anyways I'm about to get in the shower. I'll call you after.
Dude, shit is nuts. I just saw them yesterday!
Lick Ass.
Dude, that was fucked up. You freaked me out for a second. I thought that was something people might think for a second there.
Well, you do have a motive! Not like you did it though, man. It doesnt matter. They will probably just talk to everyone who was at the party and shit.
Well, I just want him to have a heads up so he isn’t surprised when they ask him shit. I mean they already called us to come down to the station tomorrow.
Yeah man, they attached him to like 20 different kills. At 13 different places. Man if I was him I'd kill another time because 13 is unlucky as hell. Adam takes a bong rip.
You sound like SpongeBob. I am ready! He says that shit a lot.
That shit is so for the chiefing! Let me break it down to you, bro. Talking sea creatures, bright colors, funny voices, lots of weed... the show is brilliant when you are faded.
Hell yeah!
Dude, I would watch that movie. That sounds dope as hell!
Nah, man, he is just fucking with you. Movies and weed cure all pains. Even pains of the heart.
No bro, he means Big black cock.
When is the last time you saw him, dude?
Lick ass.
Nah, we’re not. We’re exactly like you! We’re all like the same person, man! It's like some crazy shit. Who knows... maybe you've been tripping out so much you don't realize that we don't actually exist.
Mom was always at work. You left home. I was left here with dad. He was my hero, you know? Do you know how hard it is to watch your hero wither away in front of you? I watched him go from a big strong guy, he was like super man, to a fuckin concentration camp victim. He use to be our baseball coach! Now all we could do together is watch movies. That's all we did. Watched movies. They were our escape. Dad could still talk about the movies better then anyone else. His favorites were horror. I would come home everyday from school and go to his room and we would watch a movie. As he got sicker he wouldn't be able to even get through the full movie
Hell yeah, bro. Fuckin’ epic. Do you need a blunt?
Hell yeah, bro.
Dude, I’m always chiefing you out.
All I know is I need to take my mind off of all this shit, man. All this family stuff is ridiculous. I just need to relax, watch a movie. Something I can zone out to. Chris What did you have in mind, bro?
Oh fuck yeah, those movies are gnarly!
Joseph, my ‘Queen of Sheba’ days disappeared down the swanny the day I married your bloody father.
Bloody actors, dressing up as birds, putting make-up on. Weird way to make a living for a bloke if you ask me.
The selfish git. Bella playfully hits him.
Some director bloke, asking if you know Gloria Grahame. EVERYONE’S ears prick up on hearing THAT NAME.
Well, she ‘aint swanning about Sunset Boulevard now is she Peter luv? No, she’s renting a room in my house talking bloody nonsense.
Honesty. I like that in a fellah.
If I’d won an Oscar I’d be wearing it round my neck so every Tom Dick and Harry’d would get the message. KnowhatI-mean son?
Well.. my mother was an acting coach so I was thrust on stage at 6 years old. I love theatre.. but somehow I ended up in movies ..and that was fun... but I just can’t stomach the movie-star-dick-swinging bull shit. It sent me nuts. Now Lana Turner! Boy, she could swing for the Olympics. But my acting? It became my art and a vocation... definitely.
By being typecast as sex symbols.
She was a blokes actress though.. That one with Bogart--
Then he ran off with another woman.
That sister of mine can be such a jerk! Gloria starts sniffling.
Except stopovers in bloody Manila.
Don’t take the piss here lad.
You kiddin’? My second name’s ‘mozzarella’.
He means my gay fans.
Got a problem mate?
I’m not going bloody deaf son. It’s the new Bleasdale play at The Liverpool Playhouse. I’ve got the number here you can call them direct. INTERCUT
Well you can’t just be giving Gloria’s number out willy nilly can you luv..
Go to hell Peter!
But they said it! The ambulance blokes. They told us! She’s dying! She needs to be in hozzie. She can’t stay upstairs.
There is no room in this Marine Corps for criminals and hooligans, Sgt. Murphy.  No room for men like you.
You don't take shit from anyone.  I like that.
Today we'll be running the "Quigley" Course.  This is a hard-ass course. Has nothing to do with that dopey Tom Sellack movie.  This course is for real Marines.
Get this lady whatever she wants.
They piss together?
We're the fucking Marines, Murphy. We're the best there is.  Are you ready to travel to the next level? Are you ready to become one of the true elite?  Only the strong survive. Are you strong enough?
Guy named Marty Rackin.  A real bad ass.  Calls himself the magic man. He runs it like a cult...
You saw his record.  You know the way Newhouse is dogging him.  The guy's one of us.
No one can stop us!  We're the fucking MARINES!  We have tanks!  Choppers! Harrier jets!  Rocket launchers! Amphibious Assault Vehicles!
Get out of my way.
Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've gotta have a Christian virgin run the board.  Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
Now, right about here's where the real shit started to hit the fan... Don't worry - I'll clean this up a bit if I have to appear in court -- especially if we're on "Court TV."
Fine.  Just remember, I manage the building.  I don't, like, own it or fix it.  So, like, I don't care if shit breaks.  All I care is that the rent is shoved under my door on the first.  Oh, and if there's, like, packages outside my door?  Leave 'em the hell alone.
Don't get the Filet-O-Fish - the fry cook picks his ass.
Y'know what?  I'll save you the time. I'm not going to lie.  I don't believe in it.  If you pick your ass - I'm going to tell people.  I have no idea how to run your registers.  And, if any of you are hard core drinkers and like to throw knives, well, I'm outta here right now.
Run, you bastard, run!  She's hormonal!!
I mean it.  I'm in.  This is the closest thing to a goddamn family that I've ever had.  If one of us needs something, we all do.
... I do!  I totally marry Prince William even if he was gay.  I mean, in England all guys are kinda gay anyway. Even cigarettes are fags over there...
What the heck is going on here?
Oh - okay, we ain't done with this... Those babies are gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that costs a shit-load!  We're gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminals!  I'm gonna visit my mom!
Wait, Petunia.  Mommy's a little amped up - didn't get her yard time this morning.  Mink ain't my bitch.  She's a specialist... in banks.
Holy shit!  That's a poster child for "Planned Parenthood."
Sure.  Unless it's hard for you to talk with that stick up your ass.
He Ikea'd us.
...I'm walking evidence!  One of them stopped my ass!
Hey, can someone dust my ass for prints over here?!
I guess no one could've predicted the shit-storm that was about to hit.  The only thing people cared about, thought about or talked about was the robbery. Everyone had a theory.
...today, we'll meet a growing number of transvestites who don't just like to dress up as women, they like to dress as pregnant women.  When we return, "Transvestites with a Twist."
But it's a responsibility being a Berserk.
You may need a real Berserk.
Aud! You've got someone in there again, haven't you?
You're losing your temper!
I'm sorry, Aud... I really am.
Well where is it little punk?
Thank you little punk.
Oh. It’s the night you and Lola dance your butts off. He eyes Lola. She’s smiling/blushing. So is Domino actually.
are all anxious messes.
He’s adorable. He’s even making me not hate Hoochie Slut.
Greg’s a dick. He is-
There’s Dave. Look at that absolute punk. That’s my old suit he has on. Andrew waves and signals the suit. David pops the collar.
... Okay you work on that while I go find your mom. She might be inside worried. If any bullies come up and say shit just beat them up. You’re a foot taller than every boy in your grade.
You guys are badass.
Well Lola that was kinda brutal.
We are. Stick your tongue out. Why?
I thought you were gonna ask what it’s like being old and I was gonna kick your ass. Laughter.
I have to piss!
Dani this is Andrew! Andrew, this girl knows her way around the UN! And she’s working her ass off to empower cities with access and knowledge and connections!
-So you’ve been messing with-
Not mean just fucking annoying. David faces the window. The moon’s shine shows his face twisting. He quietly covers his face with his hand. “Forest Green” fades out. 113
Hey I’m sorry about last night. Can you still give me advice? You obviously know shit. And I’m really nervous.
the biackness beyond it.
What are you trying to do, scare me with a half-ass bad cop routine? Unless you give me some details, were leaving. Understood?
is a very sick individual.
Your favorite dicks.
Can you hear me in there, you dirty haven't worried me in the slightest. the time of my life! The mirror
my infonnant!
You'll eat this bloody to feed your blood.
What are you talking about, you fool? Her fiancé's in Palermo.
Nice to meet you. I'm Rita Cappomaggi.~thaw SLCII' PU PAST their taces. SOHlS:
Am vbaeTer and wba ta Yer they a="•· •• th••• people are 1cared aa hell or them. 'ml •,sopu:• aa they ~1a• ~ 1tart to tile back tovud the Jungle. A tev ot thm look back towa.i-d the astrona.uts, their look expect&:11
vaa voanded wbile being hl.mtecl dow.
••1' that. !be proot ot m.1
aa he nddenly C-P•••
Where doe• he think he I a going!
AalUlling I can get r, ab.ip back iAto the •kJ'•'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move.
You want to know my idea of a marriage? It's a partnership where people help each other over the rough spots -- console each other when there's a down...and when there's an up, well, hell, a little Goddamn applause or an attaboy wouldn't be too bad.
Mary, this is Dick.  I want a remote truck and a crew to meet me at the South gate in fifteen minutes...
So do a lot of the guys.  So hang in there, man.  Hang in there.
It's not what I want, it's what I can give you.  Look, let's be straight, okay?  It's obvious you're not some dumb thug up here to snatch a few purses, am I right?
Sister Teresa in third grade called me Mr. McClane.  My friends call me John Mac.  You're neither...shithead.
That one look pissed, Ms. Gennero...
I got it.  But you can tell her yourself.  Just watch your ass and you'll make it.
...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing?
That was Gary Cooper, shithead...
Up my leg, man. Squirrel's in my pants, Hogarth. I'm tryin' not to wig out here.
Don't wig out.
...then you must be Hobo!
HOGARTH.
Pretend you're a gangster.
Hogarth.
No you're not! Hogarth!
Have you been out at the junkyard, Hogarth?
Well, as long as we're hirin' fat lesbians, give your ma a call.
Well, you know how it is with him. Always complainin' he's never turnin' a profit on St. Patty's. Whole damn family goes down there with no money, cause we know he can't bear ta charge us.
He got beat up by a girl.
Don't worry, I respected the hell out of her for ya, Ma.
The one with the biggest cock!
We'll start the ass kissing with you.
First of all, I'd like to thank whichever one of you donut munching, barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this to the press. That's just what we need now, some sensational story in the papers making these guys out to be super heroes, triumphing over evil. And let me squash the rumors now. These two aren't heroes.
They are two ordinary men who were put in an extraordinary situation and they just happened to come out on top. Yes, nothing from our far reaching computer system has turned up jack shit on these two. All we know is what we found out from their neighbors. And the general consensus is that they're... angels.
Ass!
Y'know Doc, I gotta get you a, a, like a proverb book or something. This mix and match shit's gotta go.
Listen fellas, Y'know he's got 'til this week's end. Ya don't have ta be hard asses, do ya?
Not in our neighborhood, man. A hundred percent Irish. No one talks to cops. Period.
Poppa Joe, you want me to go now?
Uh. Okay... um... you hear the one about the, no fuck that one... uh... oh! oh! Well... shit. Okay, there's a white guy. He's walkin' along the beach and he finds a, a pot, y'know and ah, he rubs it and this genie pops out. But this genie, he's a ni... he's a black guy.
The fat man.
Dollapoppaskalious.
Holy shit. You're the first one that's ever got that.
Asshole!? I'm not the rope-totin' Charlie Bronson wanna-be that's getting' us lost!
On TV ya always get that asshole that jumps behind the couch.
Oh, God! Don't kill me! We're on the same side! The boss musta sent you in as back up, huh? Oh, shit, please! I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man.
Get a hold of yourself, man.
But I do kinda feel like an ass-hole.
She ain't been around in weeks anyhow.
No. No man. That's... that's... you don't know what you're talking about. That's bullshit. I know these guys. I mean, thanks for your concern, but that just ain't the thing of it.
Hey. You don't know that shit for sure.
These guys were packing. Not one hand near a gun. It's simple human behavior. Someone you don't know approaches you, you put your hand on it. This guy's got his hands on the table. He's eating his food, for Christ sakes. They were friends.
Fucking figures. Look, are you guys seeing the pattern here? We got big questions at both of these crime scenes, with no answers. WHY did they kill the guys in the other two booths? WHY did he do the bartender? It would seem unnecessary, even stupid.
Vincenzo, that fat motherfucker, Yakavetta's right hand. He's the one who set me up. Then he went around shooting his mouth off, telling everyone I was as good as dead. He goes in there every Wednesday night around 10:00, he jerks off in the same booth to the same titty dancer. Never misses.
You look like Mush Mouth from Fat Albert.
Oh man. He is some sicko.
Hey, Augustus, I need your help, I got a serious problem here. I'm not screwing around.
I've had this guy in front of me, and I couldn't tell you what he looks like, sounds like. He is the Picasso of assassins, kid. He plants hair samples, blood. Puts skin under fingernails. He is a fucking genius. Only one problem. He's been rotting in prison for twenty-five or thirty years. Don't even know if he's still alive. Or if he's even up to it.
Hey! We gotta talk about this early morning church shit.
Just be natural, goddamit.
It's ethics. I put evil men behind bars, but the law has miles of red tape and loopholes for these... cocksuckers to slip through. I've found out there are these two young men who fix the situation with an iron fist. As if they have God's permission. But what they do is wrong and I should arrest them... technically.
I'm beginning to see. I've been doing my job... well for fifteen years and it's just not enough. All the things I wish I could do, these guys are doing. Millions of dollars in tax payers' money wasted on shit like wire taps and surveillance. Theses boys go in and take care of it for the price of a bullet.
Well he's the one shooting up all his guys, right? He's scared of the kid. Says he's real good, got every available gun in the city up there.
Well I sure as hell Then you
blanketin Hinx's car
Don't tell me how to drink, Bond. I could drink your ass under that table.
You're a cocky bugger, aren't ypu?
You got some balls, L! You can't just send someone to their death like that! L
Wait a second? Are you sayin' Kira might be a freakin' Coed? L
Man, did you see those bastards!
Hot damn!
Hey, where the hell·is Etienne?
Oh, Rudi! Stop that! That's awful! RUDI releases nis face, starting to laugh. can't help but to join in as well.
Sure--they're sorta queer, I'd say. They's lots of queer goings on up there. They even brought a dog back to life once.
It may be, but to my notion, those that monkeys with what they got no business to get queer sooner or later.
Can you imagine--the darned fool turned it in.
Sit your butt down.
What time should I have these rascals back?
Alright, let me tell you what's happening in Iraq, alright? Exactly what every thinking person in the world knew was gonna happen before they got started. Bush and his little numb-nut fanatics he's got around him, they don't give a rat's ass.
I hate Ms. Billingsly. Everybody's been saying she's lesbian.
Aw heck, man. That was not fair.
Whatever!
Alright, no-no-no-no-no. Nope, that is not how we're going to talk to one another. Alright? Now, I will not be that guy. You can not put me in that category, alright? The biological father who I spend every other week with and I make polite conversation, you know, while he drives me places and buys me shit. No! Talk to me.
Aw, man. How do you guys not know how to do this? I'll make you some bookmarks. Just a second. Shit, guys.
Yeah? Well your head feels fine.     So get your ass out of bed.
Clean it up, goddamnit!     I hate squash!
Where the hell have you been?
Samantha... I'm doing the best I can! And you're right, it sucks! But it doesn't suck half as much as having a drunk fool slam your head against a wall! So cut your horseshit attitude.
Hey, hey, you bast -- Oh you, punk kid! You got no respect!
She said they all sucked.
You ready? Check this shit out. That was alright, but this is gonna be badass. 94.
Ohh shit, alright.    Nice.
Bullshit.    Quick, where were you?
Dude, it's not what they want, man. It's what you want.
Whatever.
Dude, it's okay to be gay. We understand. Just, you know, sleep over there.
I'm not gay.
Yeah, and you just earned your Vag Badge.
But... if you take care of it, you know, and you get lucky and it's a classic, you know, the value starts going up again. I mean shit, you got guys paying hundreds of thousands of dollars for some Shelby Cobra.
Yes, yes, yes. So, I mean, look at that-- look at that, uh, top of Volume II, first four tracks... You've got "Band on the Run" into "My Sweet Lord", into "Jealous Guy", into "Photograph". I mean, come on. It's like the perfect segue. You got Paul, who takes you to the party, George who talks to you about God, John who says no, it's about love and pain, and then Ringo who just says hey, can't we enjoy what we have while we have it? It's a good record. I shit you not.
Now cock it. Alright, there you go. Now, what you want to do is line up the front sight with the back sight, here, you see this little V right here --
Man, can I just have one day where everyone isn't all over my ass!?
Uh, I don't know. It's, it's alright. Today kind of sucked, this guy didn't show up. But it's definitely an interesting perspective on the world. People are slobs.
Yeah, okay, I know you're joking, but, I mean, it's kinda true you have been, you know, checking your phone this whole time, and so what are you really doing? You don't care what your friends are up to on Saturday afternoon but you're also obviously not fully experiencing my profound bitching so... it's like everyone's just stuck in, like, an in-between state. Not really experiencing anything.
"On the day that I was born I started growin' old. No one told you life would be so lonesome and cold. I had a grey hair by the age of 23, this hard-luck livin's gonna be the end of me. The old black crow leaving tracks all across my face, and everywhere I go I seem to be in the same damn place. Hard livin's gonna be the end of me."
Hell yeah.
HELL yeah.
Yeah, you know, you just gotta separate yourself from the pack in some way. Excel at something, you know, and then you have your pick of the litter when them front-running hussies start sniffing around.
If you wanna help, then help. If not, shut up.
Your mess.
You think this kinda shit hasn't happened here before? Given it's usually on Thursdays. And usually, I gotta tell the cops, "No, Officer... I didn't really get a good look at the shooters." Usually anyway.
Relax, porkchop.
You guys got sack, I'll give you that much.
Was that a threat? Did I hear a threat? Last I remember, we were talking economics, then this...? What happens next time if we gotta stop and help a little old lady cross the street? Well, shit... Then we gotta pass the call to someone else.
Independent. Same shit, just independent. They call him the King Pin because he looks like that guy from the comic book... Big. Fat. Bald.
You know, back in the day, grafting was considered a gentleman's racket. Good suits, good food... The Underworld of the Underworld. A grifter had to survive on his wits, his instincts... I like that. I like the idea of that. These days, things being what they are, guys like me gotta stay low. It's all take, take, take. You can't just be fucking witty about it.
Breasts.
Hey Skippy? Do I have the word "chump" tattooed on my forehead?
So I see. In from Long Island? You fellas take a look around.
It's just that I left my asshole decoder ring at home, so how do I know not to worry?
My father used to play the same fucking lotto numbers with these other guys in the pharmacy. The same numbers everyday for sixteen years. One day he gets pissed off, tells them he's out and plays his own numbers. They hit the Lucky Seven for one point two million.
So then Miles walks straight into the Creative Director's office and says "The code's fine, the program's for shit" and throws down like a thousand pages of code on the guy's desk!
Uh, right... And that was it. That's when we decided to start our own business. No more shithead bosses.
He wasn't my boyfriend. I had a boyfriend at the time... What was his name? Anyway, Glenn was like thirty. I was only fifteen. But he was a nice guy. Real sweet. Liked to talk. We used to get loaded on pills from the nurses station and then listen to Morrisey or some stupid shit like that.
You guys got busted. This is a great neck.
I don't know. I packed up my shit and ran away. To this... So unlike you, I guess I do have something to prove, in a repressed anger sort of way.
That tip not work-out for you fellas?
What do I always tell you guys? Don't spend it all. Sooner or later we're going to run into some bad luck. Save some. Put it away, so when shit like this happens, you're not desperate. That's it. The gig's up.
King ain't gonna like this.
What I'm saying is, is that the King ain't gonna care. See he had a real thing with getting this Gillette guy, If you ask me I think he's jealous.
Exactly. 'Cept this Gillette guy. He gets to walk around in three piece suits, hob knob with the Mayor, own a bank, that kinda shit. Meanwhile, the King sits holed up in the steam, afraid to even take a leak without me or Harlin watching the door.
Coupla things. They got this Fed looking around and the girl just split.
But this girl, the redhead. She knows a lot. She could be a pain in the ass.
You're a weasel.
My ass look big in this?
I don't trust anybody. You see how bad this guy wants Vig? It's like a sickness. I say we collar Vig ourselves. We got Vig, then we got leverage. And we trade; Vig for that tape. I want to see it right in front of my face.
He just went into the crapper. Hold your positions.
Hey asshole.
I hate the Mudd Club.
Yeah man. I'm jealous. You're always great, Benny.
Your people.
Oh - you mean black people!
Oh man! Folklore guy - worked on the railroad. Y'know, pounding in spikes and laying down track. Then one day they invented a machine to do it. And he says "Fuck that, I'm a MAN" and he challenges the machine to a race to lay down a mile of track. It takes two days. Neck and neck the whole time. They get right to the end, and he beats it by one spike.
Oh man, you a FINE nigga! You know that?
That's what I like about you straight boys. You're so sensitive!!!
Y'want me to make it a nice shit brown?
I'd like to squeeze your titties.
Or rather, do you think you're being exploited or are you yourself exploiting the white image of the black artist from the ghetto?
Piss painting?
Looks like Edgar is getting distracted. Who are these two middle-aged twits?
What “shit”?
It was Barb, the other one! She was listening at the door. Damn they're good.
She was setting me up to die.
Yeah! You'll spend your birthdays with them and they stay up late giggling with you and laughing about butts and boobs and stuff.1957 was a big year. The Russians put that Sputnik into outer space, the Dodgers played their last game at Ebbets Field, 'that guy' shot Frank Costello in the head, and missed, and the Gallo brothers whacked Albert Anastasia in that barber shop in the Park Sheraton Hotel. It was total chaos. With Anastasia gone, Vito Genovese figures he's king shit, but Carlo Gambino and 'Joe Bananas' both want to be boss of all bosses. So they call a meeting -- a big meeting.
He was running the family at the time. Anyway, I don't know what anybody was thinking, but some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting at Joe Babara's farm in the country where nobody would notice.
Get him outta here.
Dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
It beats a guy with an ass full of flounder.
Upsa-daisy.   You got a coat, nutbar?
Okay, the first thing I gotta know about is privacy. You must hear a lot of weird shit in here. How do I know you won't go testifying -- not testifying -- but, you know, talking about it to somebody else.
Then let it come down. Vitti's a tough guy but a lot of tough guys got fed to the crabs off Red Hook over the years.
Yeah, I get that way when a shark tries to chew on my ass.
This is good. I come to Florida and draw pictures in the sand like a jerkoff.
I was hangin'   out in the neighborhood.    I had a borghata -- like a kid   gang -- hooligan shit, nothin'   big. But my father didn't   like it.
You're Paul Vitti. The mobster.
Okay. Guess what, fellas? You don't scare me.
What're you, nuts? It was your dream.
Jesus, the guy's fallin' apart.
Haul ass, buddy. We got a problem.
All right, gentlemen. I think we better start. We have a big agenda, so for now let's stick to the big issues. And it would help if you identify yourselves when you speak, since we don't all know each other, and we didn't think anybody would be into wearing any fucking name tags.
Saving your ass. Sit down.    I'll take it from here.
Suck me, Gecko.
He’s open to the left. He leaves his entire left side open. You gotta get after that fucker! Make him pay. Now or never... CUT TO: Mark’s back out on the mat. It’s not working. Mark gets PINNED. The wrestlers stand. The ref holds both of their hands, RAISES Chipparelli’s arm. He turns them around, raises Chipparelli’s arm again. Mark walks off the mat. Dave tries to console him.
Look at me. Look at me. You have a chance to do what no wrestler’s done since 1904. Not one. If you think I’m gonna let you throw away a chance to win back-to-back Olympic golds you’re fucking crazy. Dave CUFFS him again, harder.
GIRL'S EYES BLINK OPEN AS SHE SHRIEKS BLOODY MURDER.
The line is abruptly cut off.I never joke about Tyneside. You’d just be a figurehead. Like me. You’re still a name in the music world, man. Your dad knew Paderewski, for Chrissake.
This is Mr Simmonds, Billy. He’s gonna pay for me to have lessons. In London.
They’ll be all right. We’ll smash the Jerries up for you. No-one stands up to the British Army.
They’re dead, Mrs Simmonds.
Probably not to God, Mottl. Only to me.
If it was pissing down in Ithaca, absolutely.
Take my advice, kid. Get yourself laid.
Gay holen deyn tate.
You took your time, Mottl.
Nisht dus meynt di Gemore.
No, Mottl. I won’t let you down. 86
THE AUDITORIUM - buzzing with expectationTHE ORCHESTRA TUNING UP, not for the first timeTHE STAGE MANAGER - checking his watch against the hall clockMARTIN It’s the same fucking nightmare! Where the hell is he?Who the hell is he?Druids.
It is madness bringing the hag here.
I do not recognize the style of your voice, friend. Are you
Yeah, bollocks, mate.
Just bugger off, mate, huh?
I'll be buggered.
This stumpy one 'ere's David o' Doncaster. We calls 'im Bull.
We're outlaws. Got prices on our 'eads, every man jack. Blasted Sheriff says we owes 'im taxes.
That there's Will Scarlet. Pay 'im no 'eed. 'E's full o' piss and wind.
Ya're full o'bloody wind an' all, mate. This 'ere load o' rubbish agin the Sheriff's bloomin' army? Ya must be bloody jokin'.
Come on, you little piss pot. Do your worst! Will grabs a spear from a bystander. Robin stands his ground. Will lunges, Robin sidesteps.
Ya got us by the short and curlies, Robin Hood. Now let's hear what ya got to bleedin' say.
I'll be buggered.
Cain't get a bleedin' squeak outa 'em, Rob.
Reckon the Cap'n knows summat, Rob, but stubborn ol' cocker 'e is.
Gonna laugh my bloody balls off.
Take a gander at this 'un, mates. Never seen nuthin' like it in my bloomin' life.
Ya're sittin' thar like a fat sow. Help her, man, help her!
We shall open a barrel together and I shall do my damndest to save your heathen soul.
A bloke wearin' a mask o' the Druids rode by. Tossed 'im down.
Where's that damn Locksley?   I'll swear he betrayed us.
Bollocks, Will. Quit yer bloody bellyachin'. Hal runs to join them, stuttering.
Nay, reveren'. Ya best be goin' wi' the wenches.
No bugger 'scapes the Sheriff, 'nless 'e's linin' 'is bloomin' pockets.
Aye.    'E always did 'ave balls o' brass.
What in blazes ya doin', woman? Where's the little 'uns?
Come on, ya ckicken-'earted buggers. Ya milksops, ya bleedin' pansies. He can't shoot fast enough. As they descend on him, he leaps from the battlements onto a soldier's back. Grabs his sword.
Excuse me, m 'old cock. Ya mind
Are you 'urt?Whaddya say we give these fellas a ride? Yaaay!
Stonin’ crows!
You scoundrel!
Unforgettable.Hero, fuck! Pablo goddam Picasso was lucky and didn't even know it. Lucky Fantômas didn't kill him. In his sleep! His eyes drift off, to another land... And when he speaks, it's the voice of revery, different in every respect from the screaming we've just heard: soft, dreamy, almost tender.
...that you may fuck yourself. ON THE TOWER - KEN immobilized, beginning to shiver. KEN'S POV - THE WINDMILL FOREST as the blades' lazy rotation begins, almost imperceptibly, to quicken. The rise in pitch of the fans can be heard now over the plaintive solo cello.
You think I am fucking around? All restraint lost, Swann storms and hurls, turning the rooms into a complete shambles. His rage is terrifying. When nearly everything in the room is broken, he picks up the Fender, preparing to smash it, Pete Townsend-style. Something makes him stop. He puts the guitar down, and backs Eddie up against the wall. The two, inches apart, breathe into each others' faces.
In the 1950s, when the whites of Los Angeles began to realize how much they hated the blacks, and the Hispanics, they forgot to pay such close attention to those with yellow skin. And so the Japanese, so recently our enemies, were allowed to move into downtown. "Little Tokyo." Occupying the very land that had been ours.
Mabuse.
I don't do business with assholes.
When times changed. I changed with them. You're still the anarchist, running across the rooftops. Swann says nothing.
You son-of-a-bitch. He flails out---and FALLS---in a long arc, following his gun... ...all the way down. I/E. MANSION - NIGHT - SWANN strides toward the window, opens it, lifts himself out.I screwed up real bad. I really screwed up.
Lapdog, blow.
You're a cutie.
Well I'll put that body to bed. I don't know a damn thing about whatever troubles, and that works for me. I just want to find her.
Your little Em.
Helled if you're gonna go breaking my best clients' noses and expect me to play sandbag. Anyway you've been sniffing me out before then, sniffing for me like a vampire bat for a horse
You better be sure you wanna know whatcha wanna know.
The Pin. If he's with the Pin everything's kablooie and I gotta blow the burgh.
You scheming tramp. You set that poor kid up, you hid him, fed him your tale. You got info from Laura and held Dode like a card till you could play him. For money!
Besides, he's got you on the Dode thing. War'll mean you vs. him and every bull in the burgh.
Tell your boys no knuckle business.
Totally, I would fuck the shit out of Willy Wonka. INT. S’NUFF - DAY A conference room with old S’nuff Mag covers with headlines like, “Do You Come Weird?” and “Beer and Gadgets.” They take their seats. The room is mostly men, including SCHULTZ and
Yeah and Metta World Peace’s. Thabo Sefolosha owes his entire career to that guy.
He didn’t fuck all of our teachers.
No he never fucked Mr. Hecht. I did. I’m just kidding. No he wouldn’t, but.. Kim is looking through pictures. Kim finds a photo of their mom.
What does white, black got to do with it?
No, I love black people. I prefer black people.
That is you and a white friend and that is a waiter. Pouring your water.
Is this guy ever gonna shut up?
Hey, Mark Wahlberg, shut your bitch up.
Babe, your threats I’m telling you are super gay.
My pooch has been hurt more than enough.
I will make sure no one ever hurts your pooch again. Amy sits back down. Starts eating popcorn.
Oh my god, he’s like dying to fuck me. Wait. Why aren’t you drinking? Have a drink with me. Kim smiles at Amy.
Holy Shit. They kiss.
Because you’ve always dated dummies you weren’t at risk of actually liking.
Like a Quentin Tarantino, like a real motherfucker of a tampon. There’s like an ear on it. You know what I mean? There's like dealbreakers, you know? Tom and Allister roller blade over.
Don't say that. That’s disgusting. Say Asian.
Yeah, he was an asshole. When I asked him to tell me the story of how he proposed to our mom, his response was, who? I know he was joking. He loved her a lot. He was really sick for a really long time, which isn’t fair because I don’t think anyone else was more alive than him when he was younger. He thought it was payback. He thought it was karma and that’s why he got sick. But I don’t think so. I think he was the greatest Dad. He always made me feel loved and important. I know he fucked up.
Personally I don’t like his odd, bird face. We tried everything. We tried a ball. Supposed to be a sports guy I don’t think he’s ever touched a ball before. Not that kind anyway. There he is standing stiff as a scarecrow. We even got him wet. I mean would you fuck that? Sure.
Which of these can we live without, “We Forgive you Lance Armstrong,” “The Inventor of the Pussy Magnet,” and “Are You Gay or Is She Just Boring?”
It was because of all this shit last night. Which was crazy. I was thinking about it on the way over here. Can I say something? It does bother me that you smoke pot and drink a lot and I do care that you slept with a lot of guys. It makes me feel unsafe.
I feel like I’m the one with the tits in the equation but this is cool.
Come on man.
Lebron, don’t be a cockblocker.
Why’s there a mat? Oh shit these guys. Amy appears with a basketball....I wasn't my establishment. Like the fella says, I only work here...
Japs had us pinned down in Buna for something like six weeks. Well, I gotta tell ya, I thought *we* had it tough, but, Jesus, we had supply. *They* were eating grubs, nuts, thistles. When we finally up and bust off the beach we found Arnie Bragg, kid missing on recon; the Japs had *eaten* the sonofabitch, if you'll pardon the, uh... And this was a scrawny, pimply kid too, nothin' to write home about. I mean, I never would've, ya know, so what do I say, honey? When I don't like dinner, what do I say?
...I say, Jesus, honey, Arnie Bragg-- *again*?!
Sure, go to the store. Go there, describe to the man where you will be fishing, and for what, and the weather conditions, sun, no sun, whatnot, and so forth, and then you might as well have the man go ahead and sell you the goddamn FISH, Ed...
...My point is, this is a man who knows nothing no matter how much you tell him, so sell him the goddamn FISH, Ed.
Jesus! The barber! I'll be a sonofagun. Why didn't you say so? 'Course--the barber.
Me? Us! The party at Nirdlinger's--I told you last week, for the Christmas Push.
Awkward?! Ann'd throw me out on my keister! Hell, it's her family's store--*her* store. I serve at the indulgence of the goddamn ownership, Ed.
*That means I don't run Nirdlinger's!*
Life is so goddamn wonderful, you almost won't believe it.
It's just a goddamn bowl of cherries, I'm sure.
I'm at Nirdlinger's. Let yourself in.
What kind of man *are* you?
My *wife*?
...Crap detail.
...They got this guy, in Germany. Fritz something-or-other. Or is it. Maybe it's Werner. Anyway, he's got this theory, you wanna test something, you know, scientifically--how the planets  go round the sun, what sunspots are made of, why the water comes out of the tap--well, you gotta look at it. But sometimes, you look at it, your looking *changes* it. Ya can't know the reality of what happened, or what *would've* happened if you hadden a stuck in your goddamn schnozz. So there *is* no 'what happened.' Not in any sense that we can grasp with our puny minds. Because our minds... out minds get in the way. Looking at something changes it. They call it the 'Uncertainty Principle.' Sure, it sounds screwy, but even Einstein says the guy's on to something.
What a dope.
I am Carcanogues.
...He told them to look at me--look at me close. That the closer they looked the less sense it would all make, that I wasn't the kind of guy to kill a guy, that I was the barber, for Christ's sake...
No, actually, it's a little unusual. You're carrying a couple of nukes tonight, fellas.
Wait. You're gonna go after this guy? Isn't he going to have a lot guns and shit? I don't want to sound insulting or anything, but ... you're just a pilot.
Get out. Johnson wears radio headgear. Pritchett is furious.
... seventeen minutes ahead of schedule and everything will be in place within two hours. But I can't guarantee that the assholes in Washington won't do something stupid like not pay.
Ding, ding, ding, Deak. We're starting a new round. You took the first couple, but I've got you on the ropes now, you son of bitch. Deakins gets in the passenger side, grabs the radio mike.
I need a demonstration. Otherwise, some swinging dick in Washington is going to say I don't have the balls or the ability to set off a nuclear weapon. I'm gonna show these puppies I'm ready, willing and able. Hell, I'm eager. Deakins jams in his clip, walks into the dark part of the tunnel.
Mr. Pritchett!
Deakins and the dead Pritchett motor along. Deakins turns to Pritchett as if Pritchett had just asked him a question.
Half a million people will die.
You have a choice here, Darlene. Give me one year of your time. And I can make you a star. You’ll be singing lead. You’ll be staying at The Carlyle. You’ll be headlining the Riviera. Or. You can continue to treat my time as disposable. And you can keep scrounging for twelve dollar backup gigs until they dry up. And in five years you’ll find yourself shuffling between shit hotels, begging for the opening slot on waffle night in...
I fell down, Miles. I’m old. Shit happens. Get the whiskey. Miles heads towards the bar. Flynn sits in the banquet and listens to the music. He catches a glimpse of himself in the reflections on the wall. Sees the priest collar.
No kiddin’.
Mostly they just want, you know, people... screwin’. It’s empty. No sign of Darlene anywhere. But the sound baffles are still on the walls. Flynn stares at them.
All right, Rosie. Shit. He pulls Rose off Millie. Gestures to one of his lieutenants, WADE, to help up Millie.
Well then I guess that makes you black, alter boy. And Billy Lee spins the roulette ball. Everyone TENSES as they realize what’s happening. The ball whips around the wheel. Wade and Annabell lean in with their guns. Their eyes saying stay in your fucking seats. Miles coughs beneath his gag.
He’s not a fucking priest, kid. CLOSE ON MILES. As Billy Lee’s words land. As he sees Dock, finally, for who he really is. And he realizes he’s going to Hell. Clack. The ball comes to a stop in the tray. Red.
Not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place, Captain.
Klingon blood.
CU BACK OF A KLINGON HEAD. Klingon is SPOKEN.
You know what these people are like. They're all married to each other's cousin.
We're out of sfogliatelli.
How'm I gonna give it to my wife? I ain't married.
You're such a snot, Terry.
Don the Jeweler? Stand-up guy. Ain't a leech, good earner. Keeps to himself.
What happened with that fugazy?
Man oh man, I gotta school you, my friend. Di'n't Jilly school you?
You don't raise your hands to a wiseguy. You don't mess with his women -- wife or girlfriend or daughter. Just keep your mouth shut -- don't put business on the street.
Donnie -- why'd you pay for that drink? Wiseguy never pays for a drink.
Sonny Red, everything's a beef with him, him and Bruno, that son of his.
Jewels are my business. If I buy a fugazy, I lose. I hate to lose.
Benjamin Ruggiero. a.k.a. 'Lefty,' 'Lefty Guns,' 'Lefty Two Guns.' A couple of bullshit cases, never did time.
What a pisser!
Fuggedaboudit. All over the world I'm known.
Geddaddaheah, Nicky -- whipping themselves. I never heard of that.
Oh, Jesus -- that's Hollman, Joe.
Can you imagine this? I'm gonna sit down with the boss. Remember that day when we were freezing our nuts off, watching all of them going to sit down with the boss?
He can stick Jersey up his ass.
He knows a lot of broads, Donnie.
Shut up, Louise.
Get a load of this guy.
Goddam Brioni suit.
We just found him. Now you want to unfind him?
I whipped your ass many a time.
Fuggedaboudit, Philly.
How can you be. so damned sure? He shakes off the girl, crosses to a sideboard, pours a drink..
Caught you, didn't they? Tied a tin can to your tail -- didn't they? Lead you in and waltzed you out -- Oh my what a bunch -- big tough ones -- standing around with a handful of holes -- a thumb up your ass and a big grin to pass the time of day with. 122 TECTORSWINGS AT HIM, BUT THE OLD MAN DUCKS, then falls and rollsaway, still laughing. Tector starts'to follow, Pike stepsbetween them.
By two -- mind you, two -- Hondo whores -- while Pike's dreaming of washers - you're matching two of them -- in tandem And the wild bunch falls apart in laughter -- even Pike is caught, but as he laughs, he knows that they are together again.
We're not going to find much down here., That damned Huerta' s scraped it clean.
Hell, you ain't so old; partner.
Or that damned river.
Well, we got all them guns,. Pike.
It'll be a cold day in hell 'fore -I do that again. - And suddenly they are all laughing.
We kin stay right up here and kick hell out of 'em. Pike turns and. looks over the camp.
I don’t know how you did it, man. That’s pretty butch.
Will. Choi. What’s up? Listen, it’s about 7 and I’m just pulling up to Eden’s house. I forgot to pick up dessert like I said I would, and I can’t get ahold of Gina. Could you get some on your way? I know I’m early... dude, I’m actually early... but honestly, I don’t want to go back down the hill and look for a fuckin’ patisserie. Hope you get this. See you here in a few, I guess. I’m going in. Will hangs up the phone. He looks stunned, frightened. Choi was there. Slowly, Will walks back inside, toward the dining room. 25
You’re out of line.
Where are you taking us, asshole? Mike shoots a look back at Emmet. The Jeep swerves a bit on the gravel. Mike corrects, tries his game again with Mandy.
You have got a mouth on you.
Fuck Tyrone! Jake punches Red playfully.
Garth doesn't fuck around.
Hey, Red. I'm sorry about before. Heat of the moment. I can be a bitch. But deep down I'm just a sensitive and scared little girl.
Bet you saw some crazy shit. Garth nods.
Tyrone's a real gusher.
Knock yourself out.
Don't do that! Look, you asked me to act natural, and I'm acting as natural -- in fact, under the circumstances, I think I ought get a fuckin' Academy Award for how natural I'm acting. You asked me to get rid of him, I'm doing my best.
I got both rooms on either side of us, so we don't gotta worry about eavesdropping assholes. How's that feel? You okay?
Gloria, you hang in there, follow the rules, and don't fuck with us, you'll get out of this alive. I give you my word. Okay?
I heard it on the radio. We gotta get our asses into Mexico tonight. Carlos is gonna meet us tomorrow morning at a rendezvous on the other side, then Carlos and his boys will escort us to El Ray and --
You two, Simon says sit the fuck down!
Richie, take the keys. Start that big bastard up, and drive it up front.
Mexicans.
Duly noted. Now, shut up.
Goddamn, that was intense!
My shit is together.
Your shit is forever together!
Take your hand off me.
If you look outside your door, parked in your parking lot, you'll see a big ass recreational vehicle. That's mine. In order to drive that legally, you need a class two driver's license. That is the same license that the DMV requires truck drivers to carry in order to drive a truck.
Richie, you lucky bastard!
Not now. So finally she comes across the Big Bad Wolf and the Big Bad Wolf's laughing and says: "Little Red Riding Hood, you know better than to be walking around these woods alone. You know I'm just gonna have to pull down your dress and squeeze your titties." Then Little Red Riding Hood whips out her .357, cocks it, sticks it in the Big Bad Wolf's face and says: "No you won't. You're gonna eat me, just like the story says."
Actually, our best weapon against these satanic cocksuckers is this man.
I'm not taunting you. We need you. A faithless preacher doesn't mean shit to us. But a man who's a servant of God can grab a cross, shove it in these monsters' asses. A servant of God can bless the tap water and turn it into a weapon.
Check your ego, man.
Whaddya mean you gotta leave now?
Haha! Not so bad ya self.
He’s not ‘ere.
You are all trespassing on private property and you will leave right now.Don't mind Cameron. He's an asshole.
Meeks.
Only you, Pittsie.
Thigh man? Mr. "K" was a hell raiser.
Hell no, but that's not the point. The point is for the first time in my whole goddamned life, I know what I want, and for the first time I'm gonna do it whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem, goddamn it!
Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
Puck you! Pipe down.
All right, goddamn it, you're right! 'Carpe diem' even if it kills me.
Well hell no, Charlie, but that's not the point. That's not the point at all!
Nuwanda, what is going on?
Hey, would you not worry about your precious little necks? If they catch me, I'll tell them I made it up. All your asses are safe. Look, Gloria and Tina didn't come here to listen to us argue. Are we gonna have a meeting or what?
Damn it, Neil, the name is Nuwanda.
Jesus
"Walking lepers followed rank on rank, Lurching bravos from the ditches dank, Drabs from the alleyways and drug fiends pale--
Who else do you think, dumb ass? The administration? Mr. Perry? Keating put us up to all this crap, didn't he? If it wasn't for him, Neil would be cozied up in his room right now, studying his chemistry and dreaming of being called doctor.
Tommy, I'm bored shitless over here. What's up already?
You got balls, man.
Shit, Lenny. What's happened to you! We've gotta get help!
Whoa. Smells like patchouli and... ass.
Get dressed, Thumper, you're taking me out for my birthday.
Christ, man. You wanna clean that up before I lose my appetite here?
Look, Kayleigh. This may sound like bullshit coming from a guy who hasn't spoken to you in seven years...
Hey, you were with those assholes who threw popcorn at Thumper.
No one thinks you're a piece of shit, Tommy.
Evan, stop! You're gonna kill him!
Kayleigh... no! You can't die again! I won't let this happen. I won't!
Oh.  Well... they were dancing on the couch with that weird English guy who kept talking about hanging out with the Sex Pistols on Kings Road...
Aw nuts!
Short Round, what in the hell are you doing?
That little Maharajah think he big stuff.
What're you talking about -- I'm not a dope fiend! I saw it! I'll show you!
No, I don't think you do. I mean watching Italian opera, all those male sopranos screeching. Stupid fat couples rolling their eyes about! That's not love - it's just rubbish.
You really are full of surprises, aren't you? You are quite extraordinary, you little shit!
People who know say the girl's got talent. You must judge for yourself. If you think she stinks, say so.
Oh, bello, bello, bello! Come on now, be honest. Wouldn't you all rather listen to your hairdressers than Hercules? Or Horatius? Or Orpheus? All those old bores! people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble!
She's not coming back, you know. She's gone for good. I did it and I'm proud of it. 'Leave,' I said. 'Right away! Take he child and go, just go. Here's the money! Go to the Spa and get your health back - that's if you can.' I was shocked. Shocked to my foundation. Is that my girl? Can that be my Stanzi? The happy little moppet I brought up, that poor trembling thing? Oh, you monster! No one exists but you, do they? You and your music! Do you know how often she's sat in that very chair, weeping her eyes out of her head because of you? I warned her. 'Choose a man, not a baby,' I said. But would she listen? Who listens? 'He's just a silly boy,' she says. Silly, my arse. Selfish - that's all you are. Selfish! Selfish, selfish, selfish, selfish, selfish.My husband was not like that! My God, Klute.
Well it could be any one of them bubi; I get to see them all.
Frank -- Klute.
Arlyn, get them out.
You help us with ID? We can't get nothin from him.
You suppose he's a married fella?
Shit, boy, c'mon. You know you can't go in there. Jack does a slow burn, then suddenly strides toward the attendant. The air rife with tension.
Jack looks like he wants to tear Rickey apart.
Jackie, you woolly headed rascal. How long yo' been in the family?
Joe and Duff Harris live here. He gets out the black vote, does a lot of good for colored folks.
Git offa this field now!
I said okay, Skipper, tell him... Ah'm a-gittin'. Sho'nuff, ah is.
Stanky looks to Walker who looks away.
Yes, sir, they're gonna come diving and scratching. So I'd forget your petition and worry about the field. Because unless you fellas pay a little more attention to your work, they are going to run you right out of the ball park! A petition?
You fellas are making too big a deal out of this. He scored We lost. One to nothing.
Thank you, Mr. Rickey. Bragan leaves. Rickey looks at Parrott: âWhat do you know?'
Wait'll his cousin wants your job! Don't you know nothing?
Nothing. It's just, sometimes when I sit up there with those bastards, those loudmouths in the stands, I know you can hear them.
Carl, I swear, I never thought I'd see ol' Ben eat shit like that.
I'm ready, you Wop bastard!
You shouldn’t be going through Frank’s things. George hands her the photograph-GEORGE If you had a picture of yourself with the President, would you hide it away in a goddamn desk drawer? Sue stares at the picture, suddenly overwhelmed.
Goddamn it, Krash, I know. Commander Burke, we're secure. And sir... Carnby is here.
Goddamn it. Miles, you're in charge of perimeter defense. Nothing gets in or out until we find out what's down there.
Then where the hell is everybody? Where's everybody gone?I was a lot smaller than him, a cheeky little bastard I was. I used to get me ass kicked coming home from school every day. A wiry, bespectacled man sticks his head out of the doorway and looks into the camera with disdain- this is GILES HOLIDAY
Jesus, what happened to your eye? Stiches.
I can’t tell you how many times I had to sit up feeding Appolo because his eyelids were swollen shut. Or wiping his ass because he couldn’t move his arms. Apollo gave his life, so you wouldn’t have to do this.
Gotchu. You gotta wake up early and do ya jawns.
Wussup, you don’t drink?
You got a dude? Bianca shakes her head.
That’s wussup!
Hell yeah, I’m interestedROCKY
Holy shit... are you Rocky Balboa!
I’m taking you to another gym in North Philly. Tough joint. Very difficult. They take no crap there. Kinda what Apollo did with me. Rocky gets in. Adonis tries the passenger side door and it doesn’t open. Adonis knocks on the window, Rocky rolls it down.
Yo, what the hell are you doing?
Naw man. That shit didn’t look right, we’re going to the doctor.
Patriarchy drives me insane. We carry the baby for nine months, wreck our bodies, almost die squeezing it out, only for society to slap the baby on the ass and name it after the man?
Use the name. It’s yours. Fuck what they say about you. I’ll be there for you, win or loose. Rocky’ll be there for you, win or loose. To hell with everybody else. 89
Ya really care?
Say bro, my girl is back there.
Get your old cripple ass outta here. We aint family. You let my real family die. This cuts Rocky to the core. Rocky stands up and stares Adonis down for a beat. Then heads towards the bars.
Chill out man, what you looking for.
Go’on and touch em’ up.
I’m right here, mate. Don’t let those chumps hold ya back!
So you’re telling me you’re gonna go back in there and knock that son of a bitch out? Adonis nods.
Lyin’ down.
Just an old drunk who cut his head.
So what you fellas have going on here?
I figured what the hell.
Christ almighty, it’s Woody Grant! How the hell are you? Didn’t think I’d ever see you back in Hawthorne. Fellas, this is my old buddy Woody. Slide over, will you? Let’s make room.
Jesus Christ, Woody. How the hell you been?
Davey? No shit. Last time I seen you, you was just a little shaver. How you doing there, guy? I used to give you candy bars at the garage when you was only about this high.
Goddamn, you won the Powerball?
They’re over at the Catholic cemetery. We’ll go there later. Catholics wouldn’t be caught dead around all these damn Lutherans. Now there’s Delmer, Woody’s cousin. He was a drunk. One time we were wrastlin’ and he felt me up. Grabbed a handful of boob, and Woody was right there and didn’t have a clue, did you, Woody?
Okay, you ham, that’s enough. She tugs him back down into the booth.
Like hell you will. 57
Oh, they was all cheap, lyin’ bastards. So when we started back, I saw his knife there, and I picked it up and took it to him. My dad was ready to kill me. Said the moron didn’t deserve to have his knife back. They look out across the field of corn stubble.
You're all white, yeah.
No. No, I'm sorry. We are not all temperamental sons of bitches.
That's OK to criticize someone for not being a temperamental son of a bitch?
OK, that's enough Penelope! What is this drama queen bullshit?
Whatever.
Show her the weirdbug.
Sucker was fast, man.
No, you talkin' at me.
Weird shit...?
Show that to the station manager.  Tell him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt he don't have someone down here in ten.
We'll cover ourselves with this. They can mimic us-  we Goddam mimic them!
We’ll see. I’ll make you love me. It’ll be real love as well. You’ll forget about this trophy shit and you’ll love me. Carl smiles lovingly at her. Yaya purses her lips to keep from smiling back. She looks lovingly at Carl, at his hair, his sad blue eyes.
I sell shit! Fertilizer for agriculture.
Stop! I am not a communist. I’m a marxist.
Oh, morning. Asshole.
It’s a resort! Come, look! It’s a luxury resort! It’s been there the whole time! It’s been there the whole fucking time, Abigail! Come, come Abigail. Abigail isn’t anywhere near as thrilled as Yaya but she realizes she needs to play along. She sits down, patting the space next to her.Put it this way, now. Say I rent to a woman, well, she has to have a room with a bath. I insist on it, because otherwise she's got the hall bath tied up all the time, washing her goddamn hair and her clothes and everything she can think of.
You're damn right that's okay.
When I said you being the best salesman here didn't say much, I meant for us. I know your record with Sarber and Webb, and I'd say you're a top-flight man, but you've had no incentive. No one walking on your heels. Just a lot of half asses, so the tendency's been not to stretch yourself. I'm bouncing the slobs, incidentally.
Pretty woman like you shouldn't eat alone. Whadaya wanna eat alone for?
Your pal wants you.
You and me, Roy. What a team we'll make. We think alike; we get along together. Once or twice a year we take some slob, the rest of the time we live like this. You won't regret this, Roy.
Well, maybe I don't! I had ten good years with Cole, and I want them back! I gotta have a partner! I looked and I looked and believe me, brother, I kissed a lot of fucking frogs, and you're my prince!
You watch that mouth.
Damn.
Bobo isn't after you! Bobo's after me, and he's goddamn good! But so am I. I'm a survivor, Roy. I survive.
BANDINI 'S VOICE
White dough. No wonder she laughed, who wouldn't? Arturo Bandini, genius, man-of-the-world can't take a walk on the beach without trying to hide his dick -
Hold it a minute, fellas. CAMILLA
I mean, you did lose a lot of nice, neat little shit.  The trendy paper lamps, the Euro-trash shelving unit, am I right?
A nice, big cock.
Shit.  Sorry.  That didn't count.
A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough.  After a few weeks, he was carved out of wood.
Good.  This chick was up on the table with her legs in the stirrups before the doctor even walked in the room. The things that she said... I've never heard a woman talk like that...
You've gotta understand something about me.  I have a little rule, okay?  Don't ever talk to her about me.  Ever.  I can't stand that kind of shit.
Paydirt.  From society's richest asses and thighs.
Tyler sold the soap to department stores at twenty bucks a Ear.  God knows what they charged.  How ironic. We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them.
Fucking sweet.
Watch out, jackass!
Man, his balls are ice cold.
Where did you go, Psycho-Boy?
Whatever.
Whatever.
Mr. Durden, you're going to fuck up the time!
Leslie was a nudist?
Fat like hippos.
Life's a bitch. Nai turns to see JACKSON, Harper's 13-year old son. He is dressed in the same over-sized skater clothes as his brother and has the same shaved head. Yeah.
You get to put your penis away now. 73
When you have sex with a woman, be gentle and listen to her.
That shit is intense. Now Rell, Zaja, and Nai come in, each carrying a basket of freshly picked vegetables: broccoli, mesclun, romaine lettuce, peas, green beans, and squash.Abominable things these machines. One can't reason with them.
I'll be in my rooms, Mothershead. I'm not to be disturbed.
YOU!
He's a clumsy git. Never watches where he is going.
Yeah... I hear it's a real horror. Even made Mothershead scream.
Here he is, the old fiend of the night, the terror of the London. Let's have a look at you. Let's see what makes 'em scream...
So this is the Elephant Man. I ain't never seen nothing like you before. What the bleedin' hell happened to you?
Watery headed bunch.
You're on mate.
Have a care, Mr. Treves. I ain't afraid of you! You and your bleedin' Elephant Man! I'm glad what I did! And you can't do nothing! Only Mothershead can sack me.
Another bleedin' heart!
Aw, Bytes, he's sick.
He's sick, Bytes. He's going to die.
Oui, dat de tongues of de mans is be full of deceits.Not really. One girl who fit the descrip came in, kinda skinny, brunette, didn't see much changing hands.
What are ya, deaf?
Blood flow must be impeded. You’re cinched off, that bad-boy ain’t goin’ down. Alright, we’re gonna have to stand you up, pal. CJ! Need your assistance over here!
Yeah... Brody. Brody. There was something else about you... Behind the tourist there are two young PUNKS huddled around an iPad, playing a video, laughing their asses off, stealing looks at Brody. Brody’s heart sinks.
‘Cuz you’re makin’ all the other girls here look bad.
Step out of line, Zayne. Lifeguards support one another. You’re out. The Dick is stunned stupid, mouth agape, then finally moves. Brody steps around him, putting a hand to his mouth -BRODY
Nope! Just overconfident dickbags, apparently!
And when you find that one in a million -- you jump in with both feet, with love and respect, not Beejes and Dick Pics.
Oh come on, Sergeant. Don’t give me any of that jurisdiction crap.
Brody YANKS the handlebars LEFT as Mitch DIVES -- his speed and momentum launching him like a rocket made of Mitch Fucking Buchanan -- rope strapped around his arm, red rescue can flying behind him -- SPLOOSH! Perfect dive into the water just in front of the flames!
I’m not touching dead balls! Do it!
That’s not why we do this. But hell yeah. There’s yelling behind the door. Ellerbee comes out of the office. He just got his ass torn. Comes to them, points -SGT. ELLERBEE My office -- now!
“The perps”? Mitch, the only “perps” here are you two. You turned the Venice Canals into the goddamn X-Games!
Mitch, listen! There are drug smugglers -- on the Bay. You were right! All the crazy shit you said happened on Baywatch is happening. Mitch sits up a bit, listening more intently now.
We just gotta prove it, man. You and me. We can bring these bastards down.
Dude. Your nuts are hanging out. Mitch slowly ties his robe -- deliberate, passion building.
You know, when you first came to me with that cockamamie blind idea to get that overgrown Boy Scout off the beach permanently... I thought you were crackers. But you were right. You really did a number on that poor bastard...
After Leeds’ car pulls away from the club -WE REVEAL MITCH AND BRODY IN SLO-MOTION: MITCH: We start on pink cowboy boots. We move up to see puffy black-and-white Zubaz pants. Day-Glo Fanny pack. Pink muscle shirt. Blonde goatee, blonde mullet under a bedazzled black cowboy hat. He looks fucking amazing. BRODY: We start on high-heels. Smooth stocking legs. Short green dress covering a sexy curvy figure. Long brunette wig
What? 60 Minutes did a whole profile on Cordoba. Look, the meeting is right here on his calender. Dumbass set his password to Leeds1. Mitch nods, really impressed with Brody. He’s stepping up.
Dammit, Buchanan! What the hell are you doing here?
...above and fuckin’ beyond... Brody climbs on the rail, heroic -- and JUMPS as the pontoon plane passes under -- landing on the wing! BRODY!
You gonna shoot me too?? And that’s when DARNELL and the rest of the basketball players come onto the sand, standing in front of Brody, protective. Leeds can’t believe it -- what is this shit?! Brody sits up now -- can’t believe it as more come -- the sand-sculptor, Hobo Joe, Betty with the dentures -- the Topless Babe and her husband -All the people Mitch saved, they’re all here -- even the girl in the wheelchair from the balloon is on the boardwalk -- all here, standing up for Baywatch -BRAXTON LEEDS Get outta here, this is none of your business! Go home! This is MY BEACH, you hear me! MINE! And then -- behind Leeds -- something is happening in:
Say "sassafrass"!
Your kid's dupin' ya.
Oh, Adam. You’ve been deeply depressed before. Remember the 1820s? And your reaction to the first World War, that did scare the shit out of me, to say nothing of the Spanish Civil War. Then the 1950s...the ‘70s...
You really are too much, Adam. You know I still largely blame Keats and Shelley for your hopelessly romantic affliction. And a few of those French assholes too.
He was a pompous asshole.
Look at this shit! Idiots. What fucking century is this...I mean, Tesla had lightbulbs you didn’t even have to plug-in -- in fuckin’ 1895! While ADAM works on the wires near his transformer, EVE shines her light along the base of a nearby cement wall. Something catches her eye. There, along the grey tones of muddy slush and cement, several red mushrooms are visible. EVE stoops to study them more closely. Small white dots decorate their bright caps.
Oh, fuck... She touches his head affectionately.
Sorry, but me wife’s sis’ turned up
Damnit, Marlowe, where are you?
No, perhaps not. At the next corner they pause, looking across the small square of the Petit Socco. On the opposite side is the ONE THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS CAFE, where EVE had her previous rendezvous with Marlowe. This time though its lights are turned off, its doors closed and shaded. Fuck. What? Come on.
Great fucking poet.
Shit, man, you startled me.
I’m sorry. I’m crude. You’re a church girl and I should watch my mouth. Aretha looks at Ted.
I’m Rick. This is my place. Ted and Aretha come face to face with the Muscle Shoals band. To Ted, they look like a bunch of white hillbillies who could easily lynch him. The Band don’t quite know what to make of Ted and his fancy, expensive clothes.
Put some fatback on it.
What name would you like to call me, whitey.
God, Ree... You sound so damn good.
Mind your damn business.
Put the damn dates back, Cecil. Cecil puts the dates back.
All right... Look, Willie, you tell 'em too much. Just tell 'em you're going to soak the fat boys and forget the rest of the tax stuff.
All right! That you've been framed, you poor sap.
I hate all women.
You'n'me must be livin' right, Butchie boy!
You don't wanna shoot her.
Long as Christmas eve to a kid. Haynes was doin' 40 for armed robbery and Pugh was ridin' 20 hisself for manslaughter and assorted parole vios.
S'cuse me.
You were in the middle of threatenin' me.
How-do.    Where's yer' sodees?
Powww!!!...    It'll knock you on your ass.
Naw. You ain't never shot no gun before. Livin' in a house with three split tails... no Daddy around. You'll prolly' grow up queer, you know that? A bead of sweat rolls down Phillip's cheek.
Ya' figger' they're that far along?
You got somethin' to say, spit it out.
I'm hell-bent on one thing. You hang around long enough you'll find that out. Til' then a tough backside and a sense of humor will get you through a lot.
Nuthin'.
And if yer' enjoyin' the moment yer' in, well hell, just step on the brake here and you can slow it down.
I don't want some half-ass Sergeant York taking pot shots with a deer rifle. Adler puts the headphones back on. Bobby Lee smirks a bit.
I suppose you figger' he'll jus' give up.
Toss the ball around, play grab-ass in the yard, that sorta' thing?
Why the hell not?
Well, hello there and welcome to Friendly's. Looks like the little fella' needs some pants.
staring straight at Butch.
Well, hell, Phillip, put it on.
Nuthin'.
Well hell, lemme' see. Phillip still hesitates.
Now yer sure that gooseneck had a safety chain? Suttle turns and glares.
Whooaaa!   Butch!    Butch!!! BUTCH
Well goddam, shout at Amarillo. Tell 'em we got a notion he's headed their way. Adler gets right to it.
You know, Phillip, you have a goddammed red, white and blue American right to eat cotton candy and ride roller coasters.
You got a mouth, don't ya?
Nosy little feller'.
You wanna' know what's really crazy? Hayne's juvenile court record lists you as Amicus Curiae.
Well, goddammit, did he say anything?
Yer' foolin' me?
No, ma'am. My mama would dance their asses out of the fryin' pan and into the back room fire. Butch spots Phillip and Cleve, watching, giggling.
Do me agin'!
Please, mistah'. I gotta' sense about you. I know you a good man.
Please, mistah', ain't no use in it.
I know yer' hurt. We've got damn near 100 armed men here. Take a look around and you'll see I'm shootin' ya' straight.
Here, I'll hold the damn thing. You jus' talk.
Candy! Halloween candy! Popcorn balls, caramel apples, gum, shit like that?!
Yer' not bad, are you, Butch?
Hell if I know.
Butch! Stop and let the boy go! Put yer' hands up and let the boy go!!!
Staring down at Butch.
And privacy nee d an ho u r.
Lounds. When we see
Mr. Lounds.
He had to have a van or a panel truck to move Lounds around in that big old wheelchair .
have the pull for that. be able to cut through bullshit.
Oh Jesus
FISK
What profane wretch art thou?
I learned it in England, where indeed they are most potent in potting. Your Dane, your German, and your swagbellied Hollander – drink, ho! – are nothing to your English.
Villain, be sure thou prove my love a whore; Be sure of it. Give me the ocular proof, Or by the worth of mine eternal soul, Thou hadst been better have been born a dog Than answer my waked wrath.
Was this fair paper, this most goodly book, Made to write 'whore, upon? What committed! Impudent strumpet! He kisses her forcefully, pins her down and molests her.
Are you not a strumpet?
I cry you mercy then: I took you for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello. He shouts at the door:
O, fie upon thee, strumpet.
I am no strumpet, but of life as honest As you that thus abuse me.
O, my good lord, yonder's foul murder done.
She's like a liar gone to burning hell: 'Twas I that killed her. She turns back.
Watch yerself, Sergeant Krupke, yer gonna inflame your asthmer, shoutin’ like that.
Why’nt ya leave the Puerto Ricans alone, Riff?!
And you lot! Yer in New York now, ya got a problem, ya call the cops, yiz can’t play at bein cops yizselves!
Uh huh yeah but golly gee, Balkan, not according to the New York City Committee for Slum Clearance, which has decided to pull this whole hellmouth down to the bedrock, and you’re in the way.
Back down, Bernardo. Don’t be stupid.
Long as I know you, Riff, you ain’t had the sense God give a pigeon. Krupke follows Schrank to the car. It drives away.
Porto Ricans are Americans, ya ignoramus.
Schrank doesn’t know his ass from his elbow. Look, Tony and me started the Jets ‘cause none a us would even be here if it wasn’t for all a us. ‘N alla you know it!
When you’re a Jet, You’re a Jet all the way From your first cigarette To your last dyin’ day. When you’re a Jet, If the spit hits the fan You got brothers around, You’re a family man! Ice joins in, admonishing the others:
Here come the Jets, Yeah! And we’re gonna beat Every last buggin’ gang On the whole buggin’ street!
Riff don’t hate you.
I’m 18! I have a job! I’ve been taking care of papí since I was six! Bernardo thinks I’m a baby! I’m not a ANITA Who cares what Bernardo thinks? Chino is the only boy who counts.
- because our girls make their girls look lousy.
¡Ay, Mr. Juvenile Delincuente! Anita pulls Bernardo out the door.
Whatsa matter with you guys? Pretty girls wantin’ a dance, ‘n all yiz can think of is to beat up on each other?
You’re not Puerto Rican.
move past Bernardo, who takes her arm.
BERNARDO
Free to do anything you choose! Bernardo and the men follow the women.
I wanna do like Doc, find me a Puerto Rican gal!
He ain’t never been nothin’ before.
... kindly social worker, They say go earn a buck, Like be a soda jerker! Which means like be a schmuck! It’s not I’m antisocial, I’m only antiwork! Glory! Osky!
Hey fellas, does it look to you like this is his gun? Riff stalks him. The others follow.
Cut the crap!
ANITA
So is this The Shot Heard Round the World, or just, y’know, more of yer bullshot?
We all know you can fight, Bernardo, so, so can you just quit dancin for a second
The craziest girl on the block?
Oh no, Anita, no, Anita, no!
If those nobodies can take your pride away from you, tú eres más estúpido que Bernardo. Chago lunges for Chino, who steps back and pulls the gun out from behind him. He holds it at his side. No one moves.
Pero Chino, pana, don’t you do what Bernardo did. You kill a gringo, they’ll kill you.
You’re Bernardo’s girl.
Dancin up a storm you was, dippin them hips... Taking tentaive steps towards the cellar stairs, Anita calls out:
I don’t know anything. I should’ve kept my mouth shut. It’s all hearsay. Anyway, you’re Nutmeg.
I hope I’ll see you again. Nutmeg waits a beat. She turns around and stares at Chief. She says finally:
You’ll meet a bitch named Nutmeg. Tell her Chief says: I’ll see you in Megasaki. The black owl hoots, stretches its wings, and floats up into the air.The sodding water table.
You're the biggest fibber.
Bloody gin. Always makes me cry.
You silly bugger. We're trying to win a war and you start off by shutting your fingers in the bloody car door.
I mean, no suspenders. They just kinda' disappear up your ass.
Bugger off.
Sod.
Sod.
What about tea and sugar. Clever Dick?
You're a dark horse, bowling googlies at your age. Toss me up another.
Ignore him, the bastard.
The wicked old bugger.
If this nutcase did take it and has half a brain, he'd use it right away, before we could invalidate it.
Damn.
You trying to buy it? You can't fucking buy it, 'cause look what I have--spikes. Irving turns over his pocket rockets, giving him trip' aces. He slides all his remaining checks in.
Finally, the kibitzer is gone.
Abe, I thought ya liked the kid, why ya gonna do that to him?
Great to see you, Corporal, .• It wasn't the same with you gone. They toughen you up at all in there? Matt puts worm in a friendly headlock.
••• so I got three games going on a regular basis. One with the shvatzorum, one with the gringos, and one with the hacks, And the trick is, I gotta make enough in the white game to lose in the hack game. And I gotta trim enough from the brothers to keep myself in the style to which I've become accustomed, without getting the shit kicked outta me.
Feels bad for his sorry-assed neighbor and offers to teach him how to win every flip, But what does the snivelling young buck say? MATT
Damn, how youlivin'?
Shit, that's only yoleven big bets. Not even enough to establish table image.
Carry him? Back when I was in college, worm moved up to Boston to take care of me. A few months, he has us running the sports book out of Sal's Deli, and he"s finding games. I was like the second worst fucking card player in New England, Worm always made sure the worst one was sitting to my left. Matt drinks his coffee.
What he does--grinding it out on his leather ass--that is work.
Think long term for once. Be smart. Everyone in here keeps books. You get listed as a mechanic, even if you don't get the shit beaten out of you, you won't be able to get action anywhere in New York. It's bad business. Worm shakes his head with admiration for Matt.
Anyway, I'm not preaching to you here. It's just these guys aren't rabbits. Roman and Maurice are Russian outfit guys. Not stone killers like KGB, but nobody you want to fuck with either. ,1
advertise. Let 'em catch ya. That way they'll always pay you off when you have the nuts.
Fuck it. Mattie, let's hit the noodle bar. I got us comped.
These guys have no ambition. Content to sit around 10-20 splitting two slobs' money five ways. What we need to do is move up to 50-100, find some rich suckers. A table full of 'em.
You know something, worm? elegance and grace.
It's my problem •.. Jesus Christ, I'm gonna have you pay what I owe? I'll have you help me, like we used to. It's why we're here. But I'm no leech.
Alright, alright. Of course I'll help. I am helping •.. But Grama, shit. Maybe we can talk to him. Get you some time off the juice.
Jesus, Mattie, you sound like my old man.
Everybody has the same office, there's no dumbass corporate hierarchy.
You're compulsive.
They're in the neighborhood. They usually hassle Vietnamese grocers.
Un-nh, can't wander around without ID now. Just park your ass in that chair.
That kid's the great white hope.
Fellas, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave here now.
Now what are we doing? I don't get any of this shit!Terribly sorry, but in the film they used a different model to show the old Batchap getting in and out. This one has no doors, so I'd have to squeeze out the back arsehole first. Which nobody wants...
Really, Elverton - if a chap can't help out a few chums, whatever their station in life.
Rhode Island could beat the crap out of it in a war.
`Eagle pointing at lesbian.'
Interesting. It looks more like `Rich twit hiding from mother.' May I remind you, she finances your preposterous existence...
Sorry, fellas.
1047 feet madam, not allowing for pigeon shit. Okay, let's cross.
Hey, you big blind jerk! Doesn't your braille windshield work?
Susan is 33 this year. Her egg inventory has dropped by 23% since you met her. You risk having no sons, or worse, some pea-brained hunchback who hugs everyone!
That depends on the opposites. Racists and the Nation of Islam don't secretly want to 69 each other. Susan, you're beautiful. You're bright. You're fucking loaded. Is there really no one else who could make you happy?
That's either because they're far away or you've just given them money. Arthur, poor people have to work. They stand for hours in the rain, waiting for buses full of other poor people to take them to things called `jobs' which they do all year round to pay for holidays away from those jobs.
Lying drunk on a bale of hay in riding boots being photographed by another pampered prick won't prepare you for the work I mean. And I don't want to see you suffer. Take your fish oil.
What's he do, this English bum?
Craziest thing you ever bought?
It's a fine phone. Battery life of eleven seconds, which cuts the crap right out of conversations.
Yip. A whole penny less than those bourgeois assholes at the Dollar Store.
You like the hooch, don't you?
With all due respect, Hobson, you're talking out of your frumpy English ass. Arthur needs to know!
Tiny dogs. The technology's not perfect. Seeing a horse the size of a can of soup fall dead before your eyes - that shit stays with you.
Get your hands off me!
Nuts. I thought the moon followed me. I would walk and think the moon went any place that I did. I thought it meant something special would happen. So I've been waiting. What an ass.
You had damn well better be at that wedding, boy.
That'll explain the strong smell of bear shit. Sorry.
The girl at the party? The one who talked all that rubbish about Coffee Mate? I love her.
What's that American expression? A white knight. You're acting like a white knight. You don't have to do that.
No shit, Shylock. Hey -- but what about my wife? She okay?
Listen - would it be an imposition if I used your phone? They took my cell at the jail, and the bastards never gave it back.
I'm sorry. But it's been a bitch of a day. It's not every day a guy gets accused of being a terrorist. And has to admit to his wife that he's a complete asshole.
You, me, and every other guy in the world.
Absolutely, amigo! The best damn dinner you ever saw!
Know what Ilsa calls him? The white Elvis.
Well, fuck you! Thanks a million for your vote of confidence, buddy. Listen, I don't need this kind of hospitality. My wife and I can stay in a hotel!
You!Sometimes Emily gets to carrying on real loud and screaming at me about shit, like I can help it... REVEAL Cherry hopping up and down beside her, like the floor was hot coals.
Holy shit! Your pupils are huge.
Cuz I like you a lot. Shut up.
The owner was a dick but not too bad and you could make money there.
I swear, if the outcomes of all wars were decided by push-ups and idle talk, America might never lose... EXT. FORT LEONARD FIELD - DAY Cherry runs, clearly on his last leg. A Drill Sergeant runs alongside him, yelling in his face-DRILL SERGEANT DECO DO YOU WANT TO DIE, YOU BEEF CURTAIN??!! THERE ARE HAJIS BREATHING DOWN YOUR PISS
It wasn’t because of PTSD though. Deco hadn’t ever been anywhere. He was full of shit. EXT. FORT LEONARD FIELD - DAY Cherry and the Recruits back in formation.
So don’t ever join the fucking Army. THE SOUND OF CHOPPERS TAKES US TO-A FLEET OF BLACK HAWKS SWEEP OVER BURNING OIL FIELDS IN A DESERT WASTELAND. TWO JETS CREASE THE FRAME, COUNTERING... CHYRON -- PART THREE: CHERRY
Two WIA's, lead Humvee. On it.
It's just-- When I was out with First Platoon, we got four vehicles stuck in here trying to drive through this shit.
Cheetah, get up here and pull this goddamn POS out of the mud! Cherry can’t hold back-CHERRY You don’t want to do that, Sarge. That's exactly what we did. You’ll only make things harder for QRF when they get here. You need a Bradley with a tow cable.
The essential problem of being hooked on dope is that whenever you get flush, you spend it on dope. Until the money’s gone. And then when the dope’s gone, you get sick. Just then, he throws up in his shirt.
Keep talking to me, man. Look in my eyes.
Why are you here? All dolled up?
Truth is, when I look at you, all I see is the White Swan. Yes, you're beautiful, fragile, fearful. Ideal casting. But the Black Swan...it's a hard fucking job to dance both.
He seems like a prick.
Whoa your highness, I just told him you're working your ass off and I'm sure you'll be great.
In that case you're definitely NOT gay.
Uh, no. Unless your name's Tom and you have a dick.
If there's one thing the Vangers have more than their share of, it's Nazis. There's one of them.
Oh, I ain't doing that any more. I'm retired. I'm one of you fellas now -- a newspaper man.
What's the matter with you? Are you drunk? This is Duffy, not Sweeney!
Get away, Svengali.
Beats king up.
I've been lookin' for you tramps.
Well, goodbye, you wage-slaves. When you're crawling up fire escapes, getting kicked out of front doors, and eating Christmas dinners in one- armed joints, don't forget your pal, Hildy Johnson! And, remember, my husband sells insurance!
I tell you, it's a screwy set-up. We better hold onto 'em both.
Hold on to her, Jimmy -- she's in with Hildy on this.
Wait! You stool-pigeons! She don't know where Williams is. I'm the one that knows.
Come on, fellas.
You drooling idiot! What do you mean, you're getting out! There are three hundred and sixty-five days in the year one can get married -- but how many times have you got a murderer locked up in a desk? -- Once in a lifetime! Hildy, you've got the whole city by the seat of the pants!
You've kicked over the whole City Hall like an apple-cart. You've got the Mayor and Hartman backed against a wall. You've put one administration out and another in. This isn't a newspaper story -- it's a career! And you stand there belly-aching about whether you catch an eight o'clock train or a nine o'clock train! Still a doll-faced mugg! That's all you are.
Let me get at that typewriter and I'll show you how a doll-faced mugg can write!
We need somebody like you. All we've got now are a lot of low-brows. Like Johnson here.
Take that mush out of your mouth!
That's pretty rotten, Hildy. Crossing your own pals.
You ruffian! How dare you say a thing like that?
Madam, you're a cockeyed liar! And you know it!
You're insane!
Me too.  Although I learned one thing about you, that you don't know about yourself.  You can be a pretty decent bitch.
::::nc n nis
(c rying Oh no'
have what it ~akes'
you I jus t like
What does Fonzy'
But unfortunately, shot for raping
Wel l, he c o uld self defense. The p uppets
1s mass confusion and as t ho usands o f Asian
;1 v e me a ch a nce.
a rnon tage
gay!
Oh god.  A bloody baritone.
May I say something, no offence?  You look like a gigolo, you sound like a thief, you act like a cop - what the bloody hell do you have in mind?
..this thing these blokes pinched..
I don't know that they 'pinched' it. Don't even know that they're blokes.
Let me ask you something.  You have any idea what the hell he's talking about?
Yeah, I've heard about you, Luther, and I just want to tell you it's an honor and a pleasure to be working with you blokes, whoaa!  That's some transponder!
What you got there, mate?
Well you know his blokes'll place the OSCOR in his annex, where else if you're pinpointing transmitters, video signals, covert chip cameras, anything radiating, oscillating..
Near as I can tell, there's at least a half-dozen other blokes about the place. Maybe more.  Hugh Stamp, an old mate of Sean's, is the only one I recognize, bit of a creep and then some..
- Michael, his driver's an Aussie, new to me.  Then there's the blokes in the annex at the back of the house.
Ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar. Big bloke, ginger hair. They're into something.
Your nag is making a run for it on the outside!
Mate, you kill it in both places, we're laughin' and we go home.
Somebody's been slipping you our mail. Come on out here, you bad girl.
- you who don't have a conscience.
Billy, North Head.  Haul ass.
Pervert!
Get off his case sweetie.
Joseph Macdonald. Damn right, boy. And don't you forget it.
Fuck you! If you're such an expert on music, why don't you go get your dueling banjo and sit in on the next song?
You're out of your mind, man.
Hmmm. This shit isn't bad.
Yeah. To get the hell off this farm.
He's been axed. From the band.
Dammit, Carl!!!!
You'll have to forgive me. Bowling for money is my only vice. Hinchey takes a healthy swig from a flask.
You're a damn fool, Burt. That's near impossible. Burt throws back another drink, then turns to the group.
Hey, Roy, can you get sick from drinking piss? This catches Roy by surprise.
I want that rent by tomorrow or you're outta here!
You watch your tongue, pal.
Give it back, pal. What are you, a sissy, you need a purse? Roy takes a step closer and the Robber raises his knife. Roy raises his hook at the Robber.
You don't want dental'?
'Course you gotta flick him in the right place. You rattle them gonads pretty good and that pooch'll do just about anything you want. Lucas thinks about this and smiles.
I said I'll bet you one hundred smackers I can beat you.
Grandpa always taught me to bowl fifteen frames. I told you we Amish do things half again as hard as you guys. Ten frames, that's for wussies. Ishmael sneers at this. This hits Roy hard.
You know, munson'd. To be up shit creek without a paddle. To have the whole world in the palm of your hand and blow it. It's a figure of speech.
If you fellas want a straight up money game, go to this address tonight at midnight. If you got a big enough bankroll. Roy pulls out a wad of bills with a hundred on the outside. ROY
Oh, cut the shit. Why don't you just scream or hit something before you pop a blood vessel? Osmanski glares at her, furious, like McEnroe on angel dust.
It's my first break in a long time. For seventeen years I've been shit on a shoe. I've scraped. I've scrounged. I've participated in experimental testing just to put gas in my car. Airbags weren't always safe and I've got the headaches to prove it. But that's all behind me now because it's payback ti.me. MY payback ti.me.
I saw your phony roll. You don't have enough money to get to Reno. And if you expect to get there by using that kid, you're in trouble. I'll admit, the kid's got potenti.al--maybe even more than you know--but right now he's raw. Sure, he beat Stanley, but Stan's a choker. Half the bowlers between here and Reno brave enough to roll for money are going to hand him his Pennsylvania Dutch ass on a platter.
That routine's got whiskers on it. You're not beating me on the check, friend. Claudia leans in.
Ain't you got no manners? You don't take what don't belong to you.
What the hell is going on here·?! CLAlffiIA Hey, sleepyhead.
Whatever.
Oh shit. Burt looks at Claudia and smiles.
It's a small world when you got big tits, Roy.
Aw, shit. Roy grabs her and they start MAKING OUT. After a few moments they stop and smile at one another.Otto, I don't like Thorkel any more than you do.  But he has got a point.
--but I didn't feel like getting to know your roaches.
Tofu.  Ben, I wish you wouldn't.
See?  You big dullard.
Hey!  What the hell you doin' in here?
Lemme down, bugface!
What's this? A cockaroach?
I like enthusiasm.  That's why I use a lot of smart-ass kids.  Not just 'cause they work cheap.
Whatsa matter with you!
Hey, nutbar, move it!
Fella, my foot's all the way to the floor!
Hey, who the hell are you?
Just do it, you chicken.
And you let me go on about Rosomoff working me too hard?  I feel like a complete idiot.
Hey, guys.  Check it out-- I saw this dud on the tube last night. He is incredibly cool.
Bonkers.
Because you're like: oh fuck, I'm in someone else's house, can I do this, can I do that? And this card takes all that worry away. If you try to open a door and it stays shut: okay, it's off limits.
I just thought - fuck. That's so perfect. It's so good for the story, when we get to tell it. `I turned to Caleb, and he was looking back at me. And he said: you're not a man, you're a God'.
It's like a firewall against leaks. Means I can talk trade secrets over dinner with an HOD or CEO, and know it will go no further. Right, Kyoko?
Almost every cell phone has a microphone, a camera, and a means to transmit data. So I switched on all the mikes and cameras, across the entire fucking planet, and redirected the data through Blue Book. Boom. A limitless resource of facial and vocal interaction.
... Dude.
Ava was a mouse in a mousetrap. And I gave her one way out. To escape, she would have to use imagination, sexuality, self- awareness, empathy, manipulation - and she did. If that isn't AI, what the fuck is?
Snafu.
His grounds crew nickname.     I remember it now. Snafu.
Means a "hottie".
Oh. OK.   What the hell you doin' down here?
That scrubsink at Aokee's leakin' again? Gees, I knew we shoudda replaced...Where the hell have you been?
I am not retarded.
Once. I forget where I was. Central America maybe. Somewhere hot. Stupid job. Bad pay. Dangerous location and water so foul the natives wouldn't even piss in it. This crowd of drunken motherfuckers hired by the local drug cartel shows up at my hotel room and threatens to tear me limb from limb. And I say, listen, hombres, OK, you've got me outnumbered four to one and you're gunna kill me here tonight and not a soul in this dimly lit world is ever gunna notice I'm gone. Fine. But one of you... one of you... one of you is gunna have his eye torn out. Period. Silence. I repeat myself. One of you poor, underpaid jerks is gunna have an eye ripped out of its socket. I promise. It's a small thing, perhaps, all things considered. But I will succeed. Because it's the only thing I have left to do in this world. So why don't you just take a good look at one another one last time and think it over for a few minutes more.
You're a drag.
Immigrant.
I am not a rapist!
You tell Henry to call me -- Officer Buñuel -- pronto! Or they're gunna chuck his ass straight back into jail! Got it?
I am not retarded!
She was trying to warn other girls about a potential rapist.
You gunna buy that?
Is that such a priority? Is that some sort of measure of a man's worth? To drag what's best in him out into the street so every average slob with some pretense to taste can poke it with a stick?
Well, I for one, am thoroughly fucking grateful. This beast wasn't made to land like this. But cripes, you rode it down.
Cripes galore, I thought it was him. The murderin' ratbag. I thought he was....
Though I notice he tried to ghost my ass. When he shot up that stranger instead.
How much you weigh, Johns?
Hey, you're the one who got me out here, turned me into a goddamn sled dog. An' now you 'spect me to go back like a whipped dog?
Just wonderin' if we don't need a bigger piece of chum.
Get out of our way.
That should take your mind off things. Ritchie examines the box. A buxom beauty graces the cover giant tits pushing out of a prison jumpsuit – “The Hard Cell” in fat pink letters across the bottom.
If it’s any consolation, the guy’s an asshole. It’s not.
I need you to sit down, Ritchie.
We’re done, Ritchie. No more handouts. Walk away or crawl, it’s up to you. Ritchie stares them all down. He walks away.
There’s something else. Nikki reaches into the darkness beside her and pulls out the duffel bag. She slides it over to Ritchie. He freezes. He crouches down and unzips it. He pulls it open to reveal a shit load of cash.
Ritchie! If you don’t open this goddamn door, I’m gonna call the cops and they can -The door opens a crack. Ritchie’s eyes are wild - cigarette dangling from his lips.
Bobby? Ritchie looks at Nikki. She throws him a pissed “I told you so” look.
All eyes on Ritchie.
As a thief, Hawk was a poem. Iambic fucking pentameter.  You know, Crime used to have a little class.  A hundred reporters were here when he came in, now they're probably out covering some tired crack gang war...
Not anymore.  Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League.
How was I supposed to know they were women?  Besides one of them was bald and kept saying "Soitinly."
God, you love all this, don't you, you bastard.  Haven't you ever heard of stamp collecting, or curling?
Shit, let's roll!
It's veja du, Hawkhead.  Something you wish never happened.  We shot the entire operation with hidden cameras behind the hidden cameras. Hired the guy who did the last Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue. Excellent work... whoops, damn Fotomat assholes...
You're not an unmysterious thang yourself.
Damn baby, when's the last time you had a vacation...Jesus, I gotta get out of this job.  If my Mom knew her daughter assassinated the leader of the anti-Apartheid movement....
Two minutes, 35 seconds.  Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult.
Alchemy!  Is the business term of the 90's, my man!  Minerva read about it in an airline magazine about four years ago.  I dumped some lira into research... Shazam, we come across a diary by one of Da Vinci's apprentices detailing La Machine de Oro, the gold machine for those at home, and the rest is about to become history.  Money isn't everything, gold is.  Fuck blue chip stocks!  Fuck T-bills! Fuck Junk Bonds!  I got the real deal!  Money will always be paper but gold will always be gold!
Damnit, this isn't the plan! Blue light, green light, shit! Snickers, Kit Kat, A.J., scramble, see if you can find out anything.
Audrey, that greasy boyfriend of yours, he's beating up on you again?
Uptown you cater to a million jerks Uptown, you're messenger and mailroom clerks Eating all your lunches at the hot dog carts The bosses take your money and they break your hearts.
You want some nitrous
C'mon, Seymour Don't be a putz Trust me and your life'll surely King Tut's Show a little 'nitiative Work up the guts And you'll Git It!
Who gives a shit? It’s your birthday. You sure you don’t want me to take you out tonight?
You whore! She is suddenly swallowed by the SCREAM OF BLACKNESS. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME MOMENT RACHEL’S POV: Details come slowly into focus. An empty vodka bottle. The overturned squirt bottle. Rachel’s hand, with dirt under the fingernails. Her sweater, matted with blood at the shoulder. Her phone, also flecked with blood. Rachel stirs painfully and we see her hair matted with blood as well. She reaches for the phone. A voicemail from Tom plays over the speaker.
You busted your ass. You fell. I felt sorry for you.
Damn it Brian, you scared me. Why you gotta always be creepin’ round the place like that?
‘Queer’ - what about?
Every day I went to that nasty little post office -I’m sure they all thought I’d had some loveaffair and that the man had thrown me over!
And you are being an ass. I just mean we’re all of us passing for something or other, aren’t we? He knows what she means.
An ass am I?
You’re fooling!
Puberty is a mess!
Yup... and the hooch. He downs his drink.
Well. Gay. Gay's great. I mean, I'm not, you know, but hey, if you, I mean--
The gung-ho cute counselor...The hard-ass control freak...the sensitive gay counselor...and then there were those who could not be glibly categorized. To name one...Pixel.
Dude, how many times have you had sex with your mother?
Man, Stanley, shut up. Now where                            ] was I?  Would you rather climb a forty-                     ] foot pile of boogers or swim through                        ] a pool of that stuff that's in your                         ] eyes when you wake up?                                      ]
You know what da problem with women is?  They're all bitches.
But dude, dude, dude, the babes go crazy for dat shit. Especially when you're just wiggling your tongue all around, having no idea what you're doing, without a single clue about a woman's body...
That fucking frog. Before revelry,                          ] I want something to actually happen                         ] tonight. It's important we don't                            ] cower to Oberon's bullshit decree.                          ]
We have more in common than you think, Wendy dear. I loved summer camp when I was young and I love it now. It's important. Between school, family, friends, pot, playstations, basic cable, and the goddamn Internet, it's possible to go your whole life without listening to your soul. Out here, in nature, away from the shit, surrounded by reminders of who I once was...I get recharged. Now who's the dork?
You're nifty, Donald. Really.
Get out of here you two crazy kids...                       ]
Well Jasper, my one and only homosexual friend, it looks like it's just you and me tonight.
It's funny, when I first met you I thought you were such a weirdo...I still think you're a nut, but you're my nut.
All the magazine polls say that the trait most looked for in a lover is a "sense of humor"!  Now that's funny!  I'm the most hilarious fucking guy in the world and I have never touched a human breast!  But I digress, let's do this attack for all of us who have ever been told "Wait here, while the rest of us have all the fun." For all of us who have been told "You're too young and uncool to understand." Let's do this attack because it's not like we have anything better to do tonight. Are you with me?
I'm gay. Like you didn't know.
You mean you didn't have any gay thoughts when you were my age...
Hey. Kid. Keep giving 'em hell. Don't                       ] let anyone ever take a piece of you.                        ]
Don't knock drunk guys in bars.  Drunk guys in bars are good.  It means they're not driving.
That-a-girl!  You sacked him.
Yes.  Conviction.  Conviction that I'm onto the truth.  You're going to do the same thing to "poor bastard number four" that you did to the last three.  You're going to run again.  And I'm not leaving until you do.
My girl likes to brag about me.
Drive!  Drive!  From your hips, get low, get low, get low.  Next!
Gill, I'll go ya double or nothing if was a stick-on.
Shut up, wahines!
I like his tight butt.Shut up.
You Laughlin?
Get your clothes on, move your butt.
Well, I paid a hell of a price. Now for God's sake keep your mouth shut.Fess up, Doc. If I was dead. Could I cry? Shakes his head. It tears him to shreds to see her like this.
This isn't like the rest of hell, son, you've got no defense· against Annie. None at all. You know this.
Oh, no thanks sir. I've just got six years 'til my pension and I don't wanna do anything that might screw it up. Miller looks at Joe, sizing him up.
My balls!
Uh-huh, uh-huh. Kick ass.
Say you ain't got no money, we have proprietarily obtained you one of them court-appointed lawyers. Joe's lawyer enters. It's none other than Dizz, the fat guy whose apartment he crashed into.
I'm gonna mistrial my foot up your ass you don't shut up! Everyone, including the judge, cracks up. The court is filled with gales of big, stupid laughter.
Well, I got no choice. Upgrayed's gonna be so pissed off if I don't get back.
That's enough of your bullshit, sir.
Yeah, dumbass. That's how come President Camacho's makin' you Secretary of Interior. Cuz you're so smart. I'm the Secretary. of state, that's the Secretary of Defense and she's the Attorney General.
That's what I thought... Now I understand everyone's shit's emotional right now. But listen up. I got a three point plan to fix everything. Number one, we got this guy Not Sure. Joe appears live on the jumbotron.
Mr. Secretary, we found that whore you wanted.
Aw, Damnit! Way to go, Dizz...
Hey man, these chicks have never seen the inside of the White House. Ladies, this is Secretary Not Sure.
The Assblaster! Another huge truck, a Hummer times a hundred, but even stupider looking, comes roaring out with a huge phalliclooking jackhammer at the front end of it.
That chick wants me.
Hey, isn't that Not Sure's 'ho?
My balls!
Kick ass!
Who the hell are you? FBI badges.
It'll scare the shit outta everybody! 52
Goddamn dog and pony show. Monash shoots a look to Tanner, starts off.
What kind of American are you? You're famous and you don't want to get rich from it? You'll kill the economy.
You are morbid.
Dammit, Bill -- how could you do something like this to me?
All his kith and kin were dead.
This time, I want the face of an absolute nonentity.
You're hurting me !
You know, you can't tell me in front of those two fellas, they wouldn't appreciate it.
So you just take your Mister Spenalzo out of here.
No, no, Johnny, you cannot count him. You got twelve, they got twelve. The old ladies is just as good as you are.
He's putting Mister Hoskins and Mister Spenalzo in together.
Oh, what does he do ? Well, the big chump sits there. This fellow's supposed to be bright. He sits there.
Now get a load of this. Look, look at the attitude. Large as life ! He sits there waiting to be tied up and gagged. The big dope !
Little do I know it, but there is a dope fiend with a long knife crawling after me. I'm in great danger. It's getting you, ain't it ? I can see it in your eyes.
Go down to the cellar with him, O'Hara.
Gee, do I have to, Sarge ? Look at that puss. He looks like Boris Karloff.
Forty-eight hours I've been after these guys. Nothing to eat. No sleep. No wonder Brooklyn's in the shape it's in. With flatheads like you on the force. Falling for a story like that ! Thirteen bodies buried down in the cellar.
• s a whae who just
GRINCH
... on calm nighes, ehey drift d= fr= the sky on little pumbrasellas.
You• re a mea:i 0t1e, }I'..:. Grinch .•.
GRINCH
Grinch, lipsynchillgl
tte fiend
Hayden says we’re going to Chicago to end the war and not to fuck around.
They’re finally changing the goddamn picture. C’mon in. They follow HOWARD into-37
KUNSTLER and WEINGLASS takes their seats at the defense table next to TOM and RENNIE. Fellas.
I don’t know what tactical genius came up with that, but you know when shit happens? When you don’t give protestors a place to go. 110
Fred was executed.
I’ve lived a long time and you’re the first person who’s ever suggested that I’ve discriminated against a black man.
No, sir, I’m a white woman.
You’re a conscientious objector.
Just ring the damn-TOM rings the doorbell. They wait...
That’s Lenny’s way of saying you’re criminally full of shit, Deputy Howard.
Goddammit Tom!
Ehh! Craig you nasty ... you need to learn how to put the seat up.
That's Joann ... Smoke's mother ... she be talking shit ... just listen.
get your beer and come on man.
Come on you little fiend.
Man what you doin_g?
Boy get yo' ass out of there. 41
You got to be low-down man of God.
Hand me my stuff man.
She be begging all
She gonna mess around something.
I know he got bitches.
she trippin'.
Naw, you know what ... you gonna laugh your ass off ... But Craig fired yesterday ... so we was talking all day today.
See you gotta learn your temper.
You kids today ain't nothing but punks. Sissified. Quick to pick even shoot. up a gun,. and can't Scared to take an ass wipin' like a man. Back when I was growin' up
You a sissy?
Deebo be trippin
glad his ass
Naw... cause she don't like come get her with nobody.
What Deebo doing here?
she nasty.
Deebo you trippin' Deebo turns
Stop mettlin'
don't know why I go with stupid ass anyway. IWest Africa's Liberia, or "land of the free", was originally established in the 1800's as a homeland for freed American negroes.  It's been enslaved by one dictator or another ever since.  They even copied their masters' Southern architecture.
That's him.  The guy Eli told me about.  Simeon Zaharoff.  Brokered deals in the Iran/Iraq war - both sides, sold missiles to Argentina in the Falklands.  Hets a fucking legend.  I've got to talk to him.
You don't demand shit.
It's not what I would call a fuck.
Yuri, I need to talk to you.
The fuck we can't.Eleven...eleven...eleven.... ...and most of these amps go up to ten.... Exactly. Does that mean it's...louder? Is it any louder? Well, it's one louder, isn't it? It's not ten. You see, most...most blokes, you know, will be playing at ten. You're on ten here...all the way up...all the way up.... Yeah.... ...all the way up. You're on ten on your guitar...where can you go from there? Where?
Look at 'em yakkin'. How do they do it?
Here's our man walking home from the doctor's. He's got the weight of the world on him. And fer what, really? 'Cause his throat's a little screwy? Man, people in India are starvin' to death every day. His problems are nothin'.
Well I ain't got no woman now. So I'm living like the stoic bird, man.
It's more than an exercise. It's breaking ground, man. There's some wild shit in here.
You're spitting on me, Harvey.
An' then on top of it I lost my voice for three months. I still sound like shit, but before I had nothin'. Man, talk about hell. I started forgettin' what I sound like, y'know? So I started writin' stuff down -- stories an' things, my points a' view, ideas. I even published a couple jazz record reviews. I guess that ended up bein' a good thing.
Ya know man, people are startin' to know the name "Crumb." When you croak you're gonna leave something behind.
I mean, I'm a yid myself, an' the women in my family are like that... But I never got used to it... I may be cheap, but I got limits!
Sorta, yeah. But no idealized shit. No phony bullshit. The real thing, y'know? Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.
No way, Jack, I don't go in for that macho crap.
Where these sickly men rushin' off to? They ain't goin' nowhere for now. Maybe not for a long time. But damn if they ain't in a rush to get there.
Ah, lousy. All's I got wuz armaround.
...man, she's got good lookin' handwritin'...
Well lemme tell ya Joyce, it sure is nice ta have company. I mean, despite all your problems, you seem like a great person. An' hey, sorry if my dating skills are kinda rusty, but I've just been through hell and back with women. I mean that last one turned out to be a real nasty bitch.
Are ya kidding? No way, man. I ain't getting rid of my 78's.
Borderline autistic!
Damn Yuppies get everything.
I tried everything but nothin' could get this woman outta bed.
Aw, c'mon. Who the hell cares?
I'm no show biz phoney. I'm telling the truth. Come on, man.
Megalomaniac.
A drunk is taking a piss in front of a bar, a bus drives by, real fast right along the curb, and knocks his thing off. Drunk picks up his thing, puts it in his pocket, goes into a bar, reaches into his pocket and puts his thing on the bar. 'Look't that,' he says, 'bus knocked my thing off.' Bartender says, 'that ain't your thing -- that's a cigar butt.'
Drunk looks down at both cigar butts and back up at the bartender and says, 'God damn it, I mushta smoked my dick.' Everyone roars, even Stump. But Frank, as usual, is hyper serious and never quite gets into the revelry.
You need to get laid, Frank.
Jameson! Get your ass up here!
There I was, a newly baptized child of God who hadn't hardly sinned, and I was gonna die.
You're gonna get laid, too, Stumpy!
You'll pay for this, Stumpy...
Oh yeah, Satchel Paige could throw a porkchop past a wolf, Mr. Cobb, ol' Satchel woulda had you eatin' outta his hand, he woulda had you hittin' .220 and kissin' his black ass to boot...
Fucked up roads. They don't build highways like they used to.
Stand back, you old farts. I'm in the middle of something --
Why you mad at me? Your agent made the deal, your lawyer, your publisher, you didn't even read the contract because you trusted them! Who the hell ever trusted a lawyer or an agent?! If I was Al Stump, the guy I'd be pissed off at would be Al Stump!
Fellas, she can't get, are fellas, she ain't met, Georgia made her, Georgia claimed her, Sweet Georgia Brown.
I'm not a whore.
She stares at the madman.
You got big tits. I like big tits.
The whole thing had become an agonizing death watch, and most days I couldn't believe the son of a bitch wouldn't die... The door flies open and Cobb bursts in -- full of vim and vigor, a fresh set of clothes on, fire in his eyes.
Nothing like a cigarette girl and thirty hours of sleep to invigorate a man, Stumpy! You look like shit.
And then this fat ass named Babe Ruth came into the league and damn near destroyed the game of baseball... We all thought he was gonna eat and fuck his way outta the league but he hung around for a few years --
Somewhere along the way I'd gone from biographer to stenographer to chauffeur to nurse... I was the only thing keeping the bastard alive... and I kept hoping he'd die.
You're gonna meet great athletes, great warriors, great men at this Hall of Fame dinner, Stumpy. None of this modern, pansy bullshit --
Jack?! This is Ty Cobb. Go down to your shop and open it up and sell a tux to the great Mickey Cochrane. And sell him a cumberbund and a shirt and a bow tie and some God damn cologne. He smells like shit. What's the address?
God damn it, Mickey, ya gotta give a better effort.
Jesus, Ty, why not?
Sam Crawford, Ty, Long time no see.
Do you? Who are they?! Those drunken hacks you hang out with who all think they're gonna write the great American novel but all they're gonna ever do is bitch and moan and write lousy leads about high school football games? How about the brunette in the courtyard? Is she your friend? I heard she fucks everybody -- she must be everybody's friend! A mausoleum looms behind Stump, bigger than anything in the cemetery, classical, outsized, monumental, even elegant. One simple word is above the door, carved in
Being a bastard is a small price to pay for greatness. I, too, am a great man.
Get your hands off me!
Hey, Stumpy, where you been? You can't believe the shit they call food in this joint. You get some sleep? Good. I had quite a read last night... A Nurse enters warily, but determined, with a small sy- ringe.
You come back later and climb on the big fella?
... but it was the grimmest damn funeral service I'd ever seen.
What a pisser.
Do you believe those goddamn Steelers? Can you imagine blitzing on third and long with two minutes in the game?
The hell I don't! I'm out there busting my buns every night.
Zip your lips, slap your butts into the seats and listen hard.
. THREE YOUKG PUNKS pick the lock. Karen startles them with a flashlight bea111. They spin around, shielding their eyes.
Probably in another okiya in the Hanamachi.
What is a "prostitute"?
Look! Okasan! I caught her. She was running away with her sister, the whore. Hatsumomo snatches Chiyo's kimono open. Money spills out. Mother whirls on Chiyo and begins beating her.
You are never to see him again. Her make-up running, Hatsumomo glares at Chiyo with full loathing.
Even conniving. MAMEHA
white--
That man, Nobu.
Don't worry about me, chickadee I've got more clients than I can handle.
You seem so at home with these Americans.
I get this twitch! and then I give him my answer: "I'm gonna break in your house, set your dog on fire, eat all your food, go on a naked rampage through your garden, dance in the streets of your l'il hometown like a crazed harpee, hurl myself headlong flaming through the ethereal sky like God's blackest angel and explode like a goddamn heavenly fireball! Eyes ablaze and face beetroot red and twitching like a mad man...
Frank leaves.
Give `em hell!
Money is a mistress with a hard heart.
That guy's a total dick. Hi, Henry. She studies the menu.
You're fucking hilarious, Henry.
The same bank. Shit, Henry. Now that's poetry! I like it.
Shut up, Joe.
What are you doing, Eddie? Eddie turns at him.
Pissing.
That's badass shit.
Do you think she is totally bald or do you think she's more of a landing strip kind of chick or more of a 70's jungle bitch.
Shut up about it.
You want to poke her clam, dude. Nothing wrong with that. Don't be ashamed about it. Humans have been poking vagina for hundreds of years. Longer even.
Bro, there's nothing wrong with wanting a little pussy.
I won't say shit.
Dude are you gay? I can't work you out.
Not really. Paul came in and said some dumb shit which TJ got angry about and so TJ smashed his plate and then Paul smashed his plate too but I got a feeling he smashed his one cuz he couldn't actually think of anything to say cuz he kinda knew TJ had a point and so now he feels bad about it and so he's gone somewhere.
Yeah, OK, well anyway... I used to have a snake and I fed it mice. But one time I fed this little fuckin' mouse to my snake and that mouse was tough. I dropped that mouse in the snake's tank and the snake wouldn't go near him, and any time he tried that mouse would just smack him with his little, you know...
Oh shit. TJ.
And then one night I was taking a shit and I was just staring down at my balls, looking at my flabby piece of sack where my left nut used to be and then I noticed my right nut, for like the first time. My right nut was just sitting there, totally happy, just hanging out.
All this time I'd been driving myself crazy thinking about my missing nut and not thinking about the nut I still had all along. And I realized, I've still got a nut. I've still got one good nut. God or the Devil or whoever left me with one good nut. At least I didn't lose both my nuts. I've still got one good nut and it works, and my dick works too.
You said that as if you were talking about organized baseball, Mr. Rickey. But I'm a Negro. There are none of us in big league ball. I don't understand...
Hey, dare, big boy! What you-all doin' on a white man's field?
Better get your carcass out'a there before you get rode out!Like the fella says: "What's he up to?"
Stands to reason that fella wants some thing or he wouldn't be here.
I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a real screwball.You think I'm a scumbag, I know.
Oh, balls.
When's the damn power coming on?
Yo ho, I'll close this place down ...
Hot damn!
Where the hell are they going?
Damn.
I was hoping he was ba ck here already.
Ninotchka, you're jealous.
Not white, darling.
That's just it. It makes people feel queer. I dont' want you to get in any trouble.
How are you, you three scoundrels?
That's our old Ninotchka!But yeah, it was a scary goddamn week. 4
Where the hell have you been ya Cuban dimwit?
Ow, Goddammit!
Fuck you, he was not talking about Imogene Coca. 21
Lucy, you need to tell me right here and now what the hell is going on.
You don’t have to fuck off, but you do have to know that Danny does jokes and few people do it better.
Alright, we haven’t gotten off to a great start this morning I think-and I have no idea what the fuck you were talkin’ about, Bill-VIVIAN Ah, Des, I’m beggin’ you, don’t ask.
You’re not fond of Communists.
You’re giving me that look that says, “I don’t get scared a nothin’.”
Day 3 and still no pick-up on the Winchell story. Fellas, I think we might be outta this. Might be.
Alright. I’m sorry your mother looks like a weasel. Now Ethel.
The dinner scene, ya drunken yontz!
You hangin’ in there?
No one’s gonna stop loving Lucy when you’re pregnant. GI’s don’t have your picture in their barracks.
And you know what? Not for nothin’, but the women are happy.
That’s tremedous.
You know how many years I’ve spent sticking my head in the frame, saying something bitchy and going away? Crappy little roles in pictures I wouldn’t pay a nickel to see if the theater had the only available air conditioning. If The Big Street is a hit I’ll be getting the roles that go to Rita and Judy and Betty.
And ruin what we have? Billie slaps Wendy’s ass.
That’s the library. We gather in the lounge for announcements every Thursday for Community Meeting; better known as “Where people bitch about the lack of respect in the public bathrooms”.
Kicking my ass would be inappropriate.
He seems a little too Queer Eye and not enough Straight Guy.
I’m not gay.
So why not be a little gay?
You be a little gay. Wendy reaches over and opens the passenger door.
Yeah. And I do crunches every day. A hundred, sometimes five hundred. I lay in bed at night and if I do some of them half-assed, I get out and do them again.
World fucking peace.
Hey look, it’s Sarcastic Man. a jerk in a single bound.
Actually it’s exactly the same thing. That jackass. We might as well be in high school.
Shut up, Billie.
Shut up Ann.
She sits down on the pavement.
What was the name of the blowjob SEAN
Yeah, okay. Billie looks lost without Ann or Wendy, but straightens her back and walks to the soda machines, feeds in her dollar. Some buckeyes are thrown at her. She doesn’t flinch. More are thrown. Still, Billie doesn’t move. Finally a barrage of buckeyes are raining down on Billie. She flinches when one hits her in the face. Wendy watches, unable to move.
Who you slept with.
They never show you this shit on the McDonald's commercials. .. as the CAMERA FINDS Wesley, who is completely absorbed in the lesson. The Butcher hands him the knife, and Wesley starts to make his first chops at it, wanting to please the Butcher, wanting to get it right...
Keep moving, fellas. They nod and do just that.
This... this is what my dad's life was like. He was a fucking god. He weaves in and out of traffic, then rips around a corner, narrowly cutting in front of an eighteen-wheeler, which has to slam on its brakes.
Fox holds the clip to Wesley's Imanishi, tapping it in her hand. Holy shit, she gave him an empty gun...
They got some good shit. Ostrich, chicken... won't fill you up too much if you're watching your calories.
Bugger.
I've learned that all of us are unique, even though sometimes we're too fucking blind to see it.
Poor old thingl Then in God's name why do you do it?
You despicable little liarsJ Rowan .t-1orrison is a school mate of yours. Isn't she? She attends this class. That's her desk. Isn't it?
It I s a Rowan.
'Nillow, what happens on May Day? Does anyone • • • Hell, I mean, is anl'one specially chosen for a ••• WILL0~·7Who knew you could rhyme so many words with the name Penelope? Badass.
Actually, I don't think they're his kids. He's a little formal with them. I think it's a newer relationship. And I love how he looks at her. And how relaxed she is with him. You know, she's only dated fucking pricks. And now she's finally met this guy who's like, so sweet. I mean, look at him, he's like the sweetest guy in the world! I kind of want to spoon him.
You're like a little puppy dog. You are - you're just like this little puppy I rescued in Runyon Canyon last year. And he was so fucking cute, and he just wanted to be hugged all the time. He was so cuddly.
Fuck you, puppies are good.
I know, but don't be so boring. I'm just saying, for example, what if your butthole was in your armpit?
You are insane.
I wish someone loved me like that! I'd be stoked to get a letter like that. I mean, if it was from a chick. But if it was written by a dude, but from a chick, it would still be sick. But like a sensitive dude like you. You're part man and part woman, like an inner part woman.
You!
I had all the papers sent to your attorney's office, who by the way, is a dick. He was very relieved to get them. I think we saved him from a massive heart attack, so we can feel good about that.
Oh Theo... that sounds like a rough night. Shit.
Oh... Jesus.
blame the whole thing on you ... so if this is your plan to try to kill me ... you've got the wrong guy. Three men. The Russians asses off.
you go faster? noYD
nOYD Listen ... jusc because our governments are acting like morons ... thac doesn't mean thac we have co. We're sciencists ... not policicans.
Can you see any lighcs? CUT TO:
noYD
124 INT. CO!-!MUNICATIONS BAY
noYD
All Chae Dave BcW!:lanreally is scill pare cf me.
S"'1.Cches off the cain sound and vision cums around and looks ac everyone. 'What was that
noYD cries
Then the teonov and everyone could be destroyed.
Go take your butt somewhere else. Alai gives Shen a nod and a little salute. Shen walks away.Belle, you don't just ram a man's underbritches into a knothole. You wanna plug the hole, you ram your own britches in there.
Hey, c'mere!   Who the hell are you anyway?!
Backwards-ass bumpkins got a wagon full of nitro...!
I'm no lady! I'm a U.S. Marshal! You get out of my way!
But I will say, good work on your bladders tonight... they're damn perky.
Don't grab a white lady's boobies at the big redneck dance. Is that the lesson? Well, I learned it. Don't scratch your head with the shrimp fork. I got that one too. So whaddaya say we call this off?
Second misunderstanding. That redneck comment. I'm getting the sense that some of you took that negatively. You know, some of my best friends are whiskey-guzzling, pot-bellied rednecks just like y'all here.
You said ass.
Gordon, get out your little tool kit and get this damn thing off of me!
All right, Gordon, what's your plan? How are you gonna get this damn thing off my neck?
'Ohhh... Hangtown gals are plump and rosy...'
'Ha, ha, ha! Hangtown gals!!!'
Damn.
Stop the presses. Griffin Nill just said Yes. G1UPPIN
You knov. 1t•1 like Id McMahon'•
Tes, that's one of the thin9s you hear men say. Thei say that one a lot.
You get locked away you got no idea the kinda shit you’ll miss. If somebody gave me a blue light right now and some ice cream, there’d be a high probability of me breaking into tears like a little bitJimmy sees Hal’s expression and stops just shy. Eli grins.
Yeah. How’s it goin, I uh -Jimmy’s spotted this basement's THIRD OCCUPANT. A SHIRTLESS GUY, beat to shit -- FACING the corner, bleeding from his ear.
And... oh shit... INT. SUPER TRUCK STOP - DAY Jimmy enters, smiles -- Eli following close behind -JIMMY All-in-one trucker paradise coves. These places are really weird but awesome. Need a shower? Nap? Fifty different types of jerky? They got you. Jimmy pointing as he goes. Eli takes the strangeness of this place in... like a sprawling compound for crazies...
So. You got a girlfriend? Eli looks at him. Shrugs.
Really? Who the hell sleeps in this late?
Where we going? Tell me first before you do shit.
Hey. You got any whores on this vessel?
Get away from me.
Listen to me! He's breeding a deadly alien species in there. Beyond toxic. If they get loose it'll make the Lacerta Worm Plague'look like a fucking squaredarice.. Another soldier, DISTEPHANO, rushes in. gun in Wren' s mouth.
Doc's got a bug up his ass 'cause Call's a mole and he thinks we're a conspiracy.
A spy. Came here with a big ass mission to stop the military from breeding those fucking things. Call looks over at Vriess, uncertain. To her surprise, he smiles warmly.
There's a spider on the wall right in front of him. Unhesitatingly, he shoots the shit out of it.
Are you programmed to be such an asshole? Are you the new asshole model they're putting out?" This actually gets a smile from the desolate Call, when next she speaks, there is" a closeness in her tone that wasn't there before.
So what's the plan? SMASH CUT TO: INT. ALIEN CORRIDOR ---MOMENTS LATER Tne crew is running really fast. That's the plan. They ail look shitscared, but--nobody says a word. Johner has Vriess strapped to his back and he's still making the best time of anyone. Ripley brings up the rear. She is disturbed, slightly overwhelmed by her surroundings. She looks about her constantly. So far, no movement. She stops suddenly, clutching her head. ANGLE: A WINDOW
You thMAE Shhhhhhhh.
By the way, Doc, you mind taking a look at my mare? She's all swole up on her back, needs a shot maybe. Loy looks at his watch in annoyance. Then stabs the ground with the toe of his boot.
Where the hell is Fix?
Whichever way you headin'. 'preciate a lift.
...How can you drink that shit? The Trucker throws a punch. Severen grabs Caleb. Swings him around. The farmboy takes the piledriver punch square in the face. He blinks. Unfazed. It was like he didn't even feel it. Severen winks at the fuming Trucker.
You do I'm dead.
You’ve gotta earn your mark. By doin’ somethin’ big, for somethin’ bigger than yourself. They consider it.
I hate those kind. Lyin’ sons of crawdads, pickin’ on a kid! Spot is at Ramsey’s big feet. He smiles up at her, leans against her leg.
We ain’t got time for babysittin’. We got longhorns to round up! Butch and Nash go back to their search. Ramsey leans down to whisper to Arlo.
I need you to keep on the dodge and sidle up the lob lolly past them hornheads, just hootin’ and hollerin’ to score off them rustlers. We’ll cut dirt and get the bulge on ‘em. What?
Well Ah-Ah-Ah-Arlo, you don’t look like you’re doin’ nothing. What’s he look like he’s doin’ to you Lurleane?
Oh come on, Bubbha, ask me! Ask me what I think they’re doin’.
Pervis, shut your mouth!
Looks like he’s trespassin’.
I run into fifteen outlaw Steggos. They’re all bigger ‘n me. An’ meaner than me.
Oohh yeah, you got to tell him Pa!
It was a hundred degrees in the shade. I walked for five days with no water. Then I saw it. A pretty pond. I bent down to take a drink, when these crocs launched outta the water. One croc bit me on the face. Ain’t no way I wasn’t its supper, except for one thing. I watn’t ready for dyin’ that day. I bit one croc in half, tail whipped the other and the last one, well... I drowned that croc in my own blood. Woah. DANG!
But you took on a croc.
That’s me. The renegade, the rebel. Jack Hock. Big cock. He flashes his smile. Lee thinks.
I remember now. Nobody could stop talking about the handsome English gentlemanJACK Why thank youLEE Who was so shit-faced he mistook the coat closet for the can. You ruined thousands of dollars worth of furs. Jack is caught, unsure how this will go over. Well, I-
Those old ninnies didn’t know what had hit them! Their disgusting furs, all covered with piss. Dogs were following them home. I laughed about that for weeks. Jack starts laughing along with Lee.
I’m glad to hear you’re writing another book! I’ll be the first to buy it. Did you hear Tom Clancy is going to get paid 3 million dollars to write more rightwing macho bullshit? What is the state of the literary world?
They both stare at each other’s faces.
You’re shameless.
Something joyful. Dare I say, gay?
Get away you little monster.
That's fine, Otho.  Just keep me out of it.  I am here to relax and clip coupons.  And goddamnit, I mean to do it.
They make gypsies look good.
I do.  I really like it.  I mean, it's already sort of like somebody's home, isn't it?  Their couch is comfortable and doesn't stick to your legs.  It smells like a real home, not a French whorehouse.
You jerks!  That is my art, and it is dangerous!  You think I want to die like that?
Hellp me!  Hellp me!
Well, Charles -- no one has made me money like you.  Until your nerves went, you were a demon. It is just that... Winter River, Connecticut is, you'll forgive me -- no fucking where.  Why would I invest that kind of money to buy an old building way the hell up there?
Oh, Jesus, Lydia!  Is Connecticut so boring that you have to think up shit like this?
I'm not scared of Ralph Lauren. Those are sheets.  Are you gross under there?  Are you Night of the Living Dead under there?  Like all bloody veins and pus?
Hell no!  I'm rolling.  I'm a businessman.  I'm the man what am. Beeetel Jooose!  Who do I gotta kill?
I am not going to expose that little girl to that... pervert down there.
It means look behind you, bimbo.
Yes, Charles, let's cut the bullcorn.  We're here to see ghosts.  This whole ghost-town museum and such-like, follows like a train, if you've got the engine... so let's see your goddamned engine.
Yowser, yowser, yowser.  Exit to the rear puleeze!
My God, what ugly wall dressing. Who is responsible for all this ugliness?
Heh heh!  Hell... llo honey!
What are you, priests?
I found them like this coming through the woods. Looked like a couple of raggle taggle gypsies.
I have been sleeping with this woman.
Keep your mouth off it, Jim, and we'll talk about it on the northern side.
Yeah, you got a lot of spunk, now just 'get out of here, will ya, babe...?
She's deaf. Jim looks down at her.
Oh, hell... Jimmy.
looking down at him.
Ethan? Where are you? Where the hell have you been?
You, Swofford. Those sure are pretty blue eyes. You sure you ain't a homo?
stop. Jesus.
Swoff
Goddarnnit! I've never seen a bigger cluster fuck in my life. Take five. Swoff, Graycochea and the other Marines drop their packs by an old World War 2 bunker, a sweeping curve of concrete with huge chunks taken out of it. Any one we are? Okinawa,
Corpsman) Jesusl Swofford, you barely
You Swofford?
Fiancee. Swoff doesn't marine?
Allen Troy, Greenville, Michigan. P.J's. SEALs, Special Forces. They're hype, man. Pussies.
Yeah, a lot of guys do. ~ike their rifle is a woman. It's bullshit. That 40 is steel and plastic, man. It's machined down to a micro. millimeter. There's two things every marine's got to have: a good woman, and a good weapon. But don't go getting them mixed up, or you'll get a major league fuck-over.
Swoff is in the get into this now.
So you will hydrate, you will train, you will adjust to this desert and you will hydrate some more. And you will be ready. You will maintain a constant state of suspicious alertness and one day Saddam Hussein is going to regret pulling this sorry shit. Behind
Mmmmm. Chemical Pussy Juice.
a job at a hot'el.
kid swoff tongue
This is censorship. You're me what I can and can't say press. This is un-American.
_.Juchdown!
Swoff! Quick, throw the shitter!
What? Get Swoff
Motherfucker! He leaps up and jumps on Troy, who tosses him aside. Escobar piles on, screaming in Spanish. Fowler pounds Vegh. Swoff jumps in. Everyone begins tackling and piling on, in a melee, a laughing shrieking dog pile. King
better fucks
Shit. Still Swoff
Fift~.
fuck's your
my crotch.
What the fuck time might be? Fergus
Jesus. Swoff
African-American
the explosion of the shitter rain down. Swoff EXT.
I am in the firing position known as the sitting position. After the prone position it is the platform most likely to enable the Marine to effectively kill his target. His target being a human, generally an enemy, but sometimes by mistake a friend or friendly. We call this friendly fire, or friendly fucking, or getting friendly fucked.
Too many books, man. your head.
Dog tag check. They all start checking their dog tags. Swoff has one around his neck, one in the loop of his boot. This is the standard style, but there are many variations. Troy's are painted Marine Corps green; Welty's shit brown. Escobar has four taped together and wrapped with camouflage desert tape. Vegh
Ti.me doesn't stop back in the world man, just because we're about to be ~~ ~je shit. Nothing stays the same, not our mothers, not our girlfriends, not nobody. They live their lives, man.
a jarhead.
We don't know when we'll be going in. We do know there will be gas and it will be fucking nasty. These here are Atropine Oxime injectors that go with your PB pill paks. In the event that you're attacked by nerve agents such as Somad, those agents will produce immediate casualties if you do not deploy these counter measures most Rikki Tik.
you God.
my butt.
Here Swoff
Fuck INT.
Thank you Jarheads.
older Vegh who are covered with ice
That one, with the stupid regulation mustachio, the overweight wife from his hometown of Bumfuck and three kids in tow, that jarhead is me. INT.
That smooth operator, moving up the ladder, taking no prisoners, shooting to kill, that jarhead is me. EXT.
That guy in the casket, who wanted nothing more than to be a jarhead all his life, who's driving home from his dead-end civilian job and flips his car on black ice, he is me. And what
And all the jarheads killing and dying in every shit corner of the world from 1775 till tomorrow, they will always be me. FROM ABOVE now, as the men disperse, saying their last goodbyes to each other, going their separate ways, one by one. INT,Back in your own wee cab.
That was Hare's end. Ah, you should have seen him on the streets, when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her! He mimics, tipping an imaginary hat.Ha ha, you little bastards.
You're losing me, Sam. I swear to God, you're starting to lose me. Sam grunts, already half-asleep.
Get your hands off me.
Hey... Damn kid...
Put your wranglers on man.
That horse I got on in Fargo... Everything I heard about her was shit. But got on her and said ‘fuck it’. She was good out there for a while, until the whistle, she got real trashy and started turning there by the fence. I went over the front of her. She stepped on my head. Popped me out. Didn’t knock me out til I got to the hospital. I had a seizure and went into a coma.
Got on this great big grey mare. I was getting pretty stretched out in the end. Thank god I heard the whistle blow. Right at the end sh e slammed me down on the dirt. Hardest I ever been slammed before. Broke three ribs on my right side. Brady over there, told me to get on my short go horse, even though my ribs hurt like a son-of-a-bitch. Brady looks up at Tanner who is pretty drunk.
Shit, one time me and Lane was coming back from a party. We was driving in Tanner’s brother’s car, and we was kind of talking about women. We was a little drunk and Lane looks over at me and says ‘James, you know what one thing I’ve learned in life is’ he says ‘girls, they come in with a name and they leave with a number’. James and the other boys laugh.
Yah. A man is gotta do what he
You aright?
You move fast for a crip... for a big man.
You got brains, you have.
Don't get waspish with me, young feller.
That's the situation, in a nut.
You got a big mouth, boy, makin' accusations, disturbin' the peace. There's laws in this county protectin' innocent folks from big mouths. Why, I'd just hate to...
You keep it in your purse? Nobody moves. Shit just got weird. Too weird. Beth looks around at them and laughs. Fine. If they won’t read it... She makes a big show of opening it up, unfolding the paper and clearing her throat. She’s going to do a dramatic reading.
You know. Whatever.
Don't go back there. Get away from the lake for awhile. Stay here tonight, stay here as long as you want. Get a hotel if you need the privacy. I can call some movers, get your shit out. Just. Don't go back.
How everybody says "fuck" and "shit" all the time.  I used to be scared shitless I'd say "fuck" or "shit" in public, by accident.  Now everybody says "fuck" and "shit," "fuck" and "shit" all the time. Something very big must have happened while we were out of the country.
When I drive it, I feel like I'm in the middle of a great big wad of bubblegum.  I don't hear anything, I don't feel anything.  I figure somebody else is driving.  It's a bitch.
When Penelope asked me to say something about dropping the bomb on Nagasaki, I didn't give a very good answer, I guess.  It's a very complicated question.  Jesus--you know?  You have to explain what it's like to be in the Air Force and how they give you your orders and all that.  What it feels like to be in a plane, what the world looks like down there.  After I got home from the war, the minister of my church asked me if I would speak to a scout troop that met in the church basement.  So I did.  They met on Thursday nights.  I used to belong to that troop.  I never made Eagle Scout.  But you know something?  It's a very strange kind of kid that makes Eagle Scout. They always seem so lonesome, like they'd worked real hard to get a job nobody else cares about.  They get a whole bunch of merit badges. That's how you get to be an Eagle Scout.  I don't think I had over five or six merit badges.  The only one I remember is Public Health. That was a bitch.  The Boy Scout Manual said I was supposed to find out what my town did about sewage. Jesus, they just dumped it all in Sugar Creek.
Sugar Creek!  That was a long time ago, but it's all coming back to me now.  There was another merit badge you could get for roller skating. There used to be a roller rink at a bend in Sugar Creek, up above where the sewage went in.  I got in a fight there one time.  I had on roller skates, and the guy I was fighting had on basketball shoes. He had a tremendous advantage over me.  He was a little guy, but he beat the shit out of me.  I had to laugh like hell.  Don't ever fight a guy when you've got on roller skates.
You are woman.  I know woman well.
Oh hell.
That Harold Ryan--he says he spoke to me in perfect German?  He talks German like my ass chews gum.  I'm glad to hear the wonderful thing he said before he killed me.  I sure didn't understand it the first time around.  I figured he was a Lithuanian or something, which will give you an idea of how wrong you can be.  All I knew was he was very proud about something, and he had a machine pistol, and it was aimed at me.  The woods were full of all kinds of nuts who were proud of some damn thing or other, and they all had guns.  They were always looking for revenge.  You find a way to bottle revenge--that's the end of Schnapps und Coca-Cola.
The wife of Harold Ryan is going to marry a pansy next?  This is the end of Western Civilization as far as I'm concerned.  You must be crazy as a fruitcake.
Damn.
Pacqualinincheewa root.
Congratulations.  By crossing twenty-eight feet of cockroach- infested carpet, you've become the third white man ever to hear of it.
Yeah--cripes.  I never did get any sense out of Alice.  She found me holding up the old lady, dead as a mackerel.  It was a bitch.  You know--maybe Mrs. Wheeler was going to die then and there anyway, even if I'd been the paper boy.  Maybe not.  I dunno, boy.  That's civilian life for you.  Who knows what kills anybody?
Alice would be absolutely tear-ass.
You know what happened in Heaven today?  There was a tornado.  I'm not kidding you--there was a Goddamn tornado.  Tore up fifty-six houses, a dance pavilion and a Ferris wheel.  Drove a shuffleboard stick clear through a telephone pole.  Nobody got killed.  Nobody ever gets killed.  They just bounce around a lot.  Then they get up-- and start playing shuffleboard.
What you say is, "Pass the fucking catsup."
Pass the fucking catsup.
To make an ass of yourself.
He can shoot!  He can hold his ground!  He can attack!  You're in your proper profession right now-- sucking up dirt for frumpish housewives, closet drunkards every one.
We do survive, don't we?  You're going to have to apologize, of course, for calling me a bastard. That's a matter of form--not allowing you or anybody to call me a bastard.  No rush about that. Just remember to apologize sometime soon.
Cock it, too.
I can assure you Wakanda had nothing to do with this.
Enough of this shit. Okoye uses the back end of her spear to shoot electricity through the roof of the car, DEACTIVATING SHURI’S KIMOYO
No matter where you go, you are still Wakandan, Nakia daughter of Yaa. And you know, that death is not the end. Nakia nods.
Setting a path for Wakanda.
We have Wakandans keeping watch on her.
Why do you care, War Dog? Are you even Wakandan?
Pull your head out of your ass Okoye. You swore an oath to Wakanda. This could help us even the odds. If I call you, I need you to be ready.
KILLMONGER
You were the best of us. You were the reason I joined. Okoye, you served Wakanda well.
Top of the morning asshole!
No... they are Wakandan.
What does Wakanda want in return.
Come on, man, don't give me that bullshit. I told you to fucking STAY FORWARD! You want me to tell Dr. Moreau about this? M'Ling turns slowly and moves away. Montgomery turns, glancing nervously back at Prendick.
You know, Eddie, I see us more like ships that pass in the night... not assholes who meet on a plane and tell each other the story of their lives.
They're for the black leopard. Damned cat will eat better than I do.
Alright little ones, "Go ye forth and multiply... Born to fuck, and they're so-o-o cute... Montgomery returns his attention to the crate. Reaching in he removes the last rabbit, a large buck. The animal kicks and struggles in an attempt to join the others who have fled. Montgomery kneels, letting the rabbits feet touch the ground. He strokes the animal and calms it.
Pren-Dick.
Pren-dick. She kneels suddenly before him and, taking his hand, presses it to her lips in a curious form of greeting.
No? You're missing out. Back when we dabbled in plant genes I created this. Like everything else on this Island some serious method went into this shit. Montgomery's expression hardens noticeably and he stands now, motioning for Prendick to follow him.
God damn it, Montgomery... Talk to me!
Thank you, Waggdi. I'm on my way.
I am the pitcher. My name is Assassimon.
He's a Five Man like you! She takes Prendick's hand and holds it out so Assassimon can see. Assassimon counts Prendick's fingers carefully, holding out his own for comparison.
I've had my eye on Lo-Mai for awhile. He's been sloping off with the Hyena- Swine and making all kinds of trouble. We'll call a special assembly tomorrow. Mr. Prendick, identify him. I'll ask you to formally.
You're a witness, man. Consider yourself subpoenaed.
Well, shit... It's not like he killed the damned thing. He gets to have a few perks, too. He works hard. Don't you Azazello, old sock, old buddy... you’re a goddamned good old son-of-abitch. He scratches Azazello behind the ear, calling him jocular names as the Dog Man fawns on him in extraordinary delight.
Yes, yes, most certainly so, Master. Azazello passes the joint to the Hyena-Swine.
Howzat! There is a raucous clamoring of JEERS AND APPLAUSE as Waggdi and the Sloth Man pick up Assassimon's twitching body and carry him off the field.
We've got to cut her, Doc. We've got no choice. Moreau nods and looks to Waggdi.
Good, buddy. That's good. Jesus, that's qreat!
How do you like this, Moreau? Isn't this some wild shit! The Beast People press tighter around him, reaching out to touch his pale skin. He giggles, looking up at the stars.
These are the things we don’t teach. Bowls with no seats. Pissing in sinks. The culture of public toilets. I’ve pissed in sinks all through the American West.
A cockroach is a vermin.
All white people have a favorite Elvis song.
Why are you here, white man? To buy.
You see, my serial pussy days are over Because, well…!I've just met someone Someone so…! It all went so fast I just moved into her tiny hidden palace —'cause, yes, she's a queen And now, I'm engaged
Out of this world….
Yes, yes, yes…! You see, my house was broken into last night… The bastards, stole all my jokes. A few laughs. But Henry seems more and more tense.
Well you better laugh! Or I'll get the hell right off of this stage! If you don’t laugh You’re gonna feel, feel, feel the fire of my rage! HENRY
We’re traveling ’round the world, We’re traveling ’round the world, We’re traveling 'round the world, We’re traveling ’round the world
Martha's an idiot, she'll do anything to get John's attention.  If Mitchell'd been minding the store instead of that nut Martha we wouldn't have that kid Magruder runnin' some third-rate burglary!  Was he smoking pot?
Mr. President, we are in a revolutionary situation.  We are under siege -- Black Panthers, Weathermen; The State Department under Rogers is leaking like a sieve.  And now this insignificant little shit Ellsberg publishing all the diplomatic secrets of this country will destroy our ability to conduct foreign policy.
Sure.  Lyndon, JFK, FDR -- I mean, Truman cut the shit out of my investigation of Hiss back in '48.
You remember, John, in '48 -- no one believed Alger Hiss was a communist. Except me.  They loved Hiss just like they loved this Ellsberg character. East Coast, Ivy League.  He was their kind.  I was dirt to them.  Nothing.
This isn't a "moral" issue, Bob.  We have to keep our enemies at bay or our whole program is gonna go down the tubes.  The FBI is filled with people who are pissed that I put Gray in and not one of their own.  Vietnam, China, the Soviet Union: when you look at the big picture, Bob, you'll see we're doing a hell of a lotta good in this world.  Let's not screw it up with some shit-ass, third-rate burglary.
Kennedy doesn't look like a queer, does he?
He carried every cemetery in Chicago! And Texas -- they had the goddamned cattle voting!
We've got the figures, Dick!  The fraud is obvious -- we call for a recount.
We'll get 'em next time, Dick.
You're not a failure, Dick.
Pretty soon you boys are gonna have to get out there and scratch, 'cause you're not gonna get anywhere on your good looks.  Just ask those fellas ...
I've always stood by you.  I campaigned for you when I was pregnant.  During Checkers, when Ike wanted you out, I told you to fight. This is different, Dick.  You've changed.  You've grown more ... bitter, like you're at war with the world.  You weren't that way before. You scare me sometimes... I'm fifty years old now, Dick.  How many people's hands have I shaken -- people I didn't like, people I didn't even know.  It's as if, I don't know, I went to sleep along time ago and missed the years between... I've had enough.
This isn't political, Dick.  This is our life.
Everything's political, for Christ's sake!  I'm political.  And you're political, too!
Dick, you don't have to make a statement.  Herb covered it for you.
Dick, we should catch Rocky 'fore he leaves.
Did you catch that picture of you in Newsweek last week, Dick?  You were standing in a crowd on Fifth Avenue, and you were looking straight ahead, and everyone else was looking the other way like you'd just farted or something.
It said: "Who Remembers Dick Nixon?" I was screaming.  It was so funny!
Sorry, Dick.  She's a little tipsy.
Dick Nixon ... You remember him.
Repartee, Dick -- very good.  Hey, I feel ten years younger!  It makes a helluva difference, let me tell ya! How's the lawyer life?
Someday, Dick.
Don't you worry about it, fella, and I won't.
Well, that's wonderful.  So get me this "crisis" thing, Dick; I'll be glad to take a look at it.
We went bowling last weekend.  Next weekend we're going to the zoo. Whoever said there was life after politics was full of shit.
Party ain't started yet, Dick.  Got these gals coming over to the ranch later for a little private "thing," y'know ... There's some fellows I want you to meet.
It'll be okay, Dick; these guys are interesting ... real quiet.  And the girls are, too.
Hi ... Dick.
So what's up?  ... Uh, I get the feeling Sandy really likes you, Dick.
I like that name, Dick.
Hell, Kennedy's pissed Cuba away to the Russians.  And he don't know what the hell he's doing in Vietnam.  These are dangerous times, Dick, especially for business ...
Your country needs you, Dick.
Dick, you should call Bobby.
Jesus, Dick, never seen anything like it!  Even the goddamn Times is saying you got it.
Turn this crap off, Clyde.  It's giving me a headache ... You may go, Joaquin.
The crowd loves that shit.  Hey! There's Randolph Scott.  You might like that guy, friend of mine.  Wanna meet him?  Edgar?
Thank you for coming, Dick.
It could be '60 all over again, Edgar. Bobby's got the magic, like a goddamn rock star.  They climb all over each other just to touch his clothes! He'll ride his brother's corpse right into the White House.
... Any information you have, Edgar. The sonofabitch is not gonna steal from me again!  Can you back me up on this?  Can I count on your support?
One of the CIA guys was that jackass, Howard Hunt.
Hunt reported to my military aide. But I met with him several times as Vice President.  That's what worries the shit out of me.  I don't know how much Hunt knows.  Or the Cubans.
Relax, Dick, it's just me ... The desert's so beautiful, isn't it?
So you're saying, "Do nothing" -- that's what you're saying.  The same old shit.  Well, that's not good enough.  I'm sick of being pushed around by the Vietnamese like some pitiful giant.  They're using our POWs to humiliate us.  What we need now is a bold move to Cambodia; go right after the VC base camps, make 'em scream.  That's what I think.  You, Henry?
One of the fathers was on the TV saying, "My child was not a bum."  And it's playing like gangbusters.  Hell, Hoover told me one of the girls was a nymph.
These kids are being manipulated by the Communists.  Like Chambers and Hiss.
This isn't '48, Dick.  They'll never buy it.
He's in the dumps, sir.  Agnew.  Every time you have him attack the press, they give it back to him in spades. He's become the most hated man in America.
I'm honored, Dick, that you've come all this way out here to Virginia to visit us at last.
Bob, I want to get on this energy thing tomorrow -- we really have to rethink our needs to the end of the century.  Let's do it at 1:00.  And don't forget the budget boys.  I'm gonna carve the shit out of 'em.
I was thinking tonight -- do you remember, Dick?  Do you remember when you used to drive me on dates with the other boys?  You didn't want to let me out of your sight.
Manolo!  Where the hell are you?
You just go back to sleep now, young fella.
Hi, I'm Dick Nixon.
Tell that to the GIs who are going to die tomorrow in Vietnam.
Come on, man -- Vietnam ain't Germany. It doesn't threaten us.  It's a civil war between the Vietnamese.
You don't want the war.  We don't want the war.  The Vietnamese don't want the war.  So why does it go on?
Don't listen to 'em, don't quit. Remember - Kennedy, Bobby, and King were against the war.  Where are they now?  Don't give 'em a goddamn inch on the war.  President Johnson bombed Laos for years and nobody knew or said a thing.  How the hell the Times ever got ahold of this Ellsberg stuff is a disgrace!
We can't keep a goddamn secret in this government, Edgar.  They're stealing papers right out of his office.
Johnson had the same damned problem till he bugged his own office.
Jesus, I'd like to book him into a psychiatrist's office.  He comes in here ranting and raving, dumping his crap all over the place ... Could you prove it, Edgar?
I always get my man.
So, does Tricky Dick know about this?
How a fat man gets so many girls.
You're too modest, Nixon.  You're as evil as I am.  We're both from poor families.  But others pay to feed the hunger in us.  In my case, millions of reactionaries.  In your case, millions of Vietnamese.
Congratulations, Dick.
Not for the Pentagon it isn't.  I'm kissing Mao's ass.  And the press is gonna find some way to shaft Nixon on this one.
You're talking too much about black Africa, Henry.  It's killing us with the rednecks.
Eddie, you be damned careful with that beast.  His nuts are worth a helluva lot more'n yours.
So, what's this about, Dick?
Jack, we're not living in the same country you and I knew in '46.  Our people are just not gonna sacrifice in major numbers for war.  We can't even get 'em to accept cuts in their gas tanks.  Hell, the Arabs and the Japanese are bleeding the shit out of our gold ..
The American people put me where I am.
But you're the one who said we should expose him as some kind of sex fiend. Someone took you literally.
Resent it all you want, Henry, but you're in it with the rest of us. Cambodia, Ellsberg, the wiretaps you put in.  The President wants you to know you can't just click your heels and head back to Harvard Yard.  It's your ass too, Henry, and it's in the wind twisting with everyone else's.
Shit, plenty of people did their best writing in prison.  Gandhi, Lenin ...
You're drunk!
... these guys went after Castro. Seven times, ten times ... What do you think -- people like that, they just give up?  They just walk away?
Dick, please don't ..."Like a Virgin" is all about a girl who digs a guy with a big dick. The whole song is a metaphor for big dicks.
Whoa... whoa... time out Greenbay. Tell that bullshit to the tourists.
You don't remember "True Blue?" That was a big ass hit for Madonna. Shit, I don't even follow this Tops In Pops shit, and I've at least heard of "True Blue."
Look, asshole, I didn't say I ain't heard of it. All I asked was how does it go? Excuse me for not being the world's biggest Madonna fan.
Then one day she meets a John Holmes motherfucker, and it's like, whoa baby. This mother fucker's like Charles Bronson in "The Great Escape." He's diggin' tunnels. Now she's gettin' this serious dick action, she's feelin' something she ain't felt since forever. Pain.
Not wrong, dumb ass, Wong! You know, like the Chinese name?
When you're annoying as hell, I care a lot.
No, I can't. You know what I heard the other day? "Heartbeat-It's Lovebeat," by little Tony DeFranco and the DeFranco Family. I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin' grade.
Who gives a damn?
Ahh, now we're getting down to it. It's not just that he's a cheap bastard -
You don't have any idea what you're talking about. These people bust their ass. This is a hard job.
These people are taxed on the tips they make. When you stiff 'em, you cost them money.
Say-the-goddamn-words: You're gonna be okay!
to taking his ass out myself. Everybody panics. When things get tense, everybody panics. Everybody. I don't care what your name is, you can't help it. It's human nature. But ya panic on the inside. Ya panic in your head. Ya give yourself a couple a seconds of panic, then you get a grip and deal with the situation. What you don't do, is shoot up the place and kill everybody.
Without medical attention, this man won't live through the night. That bullet in his belly is my fault. Now while that might not mean jack shit to you, it means a helluva lot to me. And I'm not gonna just sit around and watch him die.
You gotta idea, spit it out.
So you wanna git bit, huh?
You takin' his side?
You're a big Lee Marvin fan, aren't you? Me too. I don't know about the rest of you fellas, but my heart's beatin' fast.
Stay put. Okay, fellas, take a look at the little surprise I brought you.
Are you two finished? We were talkin' about some serious shit when you came in Eddie. We got a big problem we're tryin' to solve. Now Eddie, would you like to sit down and help us solve it, or do you two wanna piss fart around?
I wanna. But I gotta show this asshole I got an honest-to-goodness job before he'll let me move out on my own. I can't work for you guys and be worried about gettin' back before ten o'clock curfew.
I take it this is the bastard you told me about.
Well, if this crook's a Brewers fan, his ass has gotta be from Wisconsin. And I'll bet you everything from a diddle-eyed Joe to a damned-if-I- know, that in Milwaukee they got a sheet on this Mr. White motherfucker's ass. I want you to go through the mugs of guys from old Milwaukee with a history of armed robbery, and put a name to that face.
A undercover cop has got to be Marlon Brando. To do this job you got to be a great actor. You got to be naturalistic. You got to be naturalistic as hell. If you ain't a great actor you're a bad actor, and bad acting is bullshit in this job.
I gotta memorize all this shit?
The things you gotta remember are the details. It's the details that sell your story. Now this story takes place in this men's room. So you gotta know the details about this men's room. You gotta know they got a blower instead of a towel to dry your hands. You gotta know the stalls ain't got no doors. You gotta know whether they got liquid or powdered soap, whether they got hot water or not, 'cause if you do your job when you tell your story, everybody should believe it. And if you tell your story to somebody who's actually taken a piss in this men's room, and you get one detail they remember right, they'll swear by you.
Okay, Mr. Expert. If this is such a truism, how come every nigger I know treats his woman like a piece of shit?
It's not the black Beverly Hills, it's the black Palos Verdes. Anyway, this chick, Elois, was a man-eater- upper. I bet every guy who's ever met her has jacked off to her at least once. You know who she looked like? Christie Love. 'Member that TV show "Get Christie Love"? She was a black female cop. She always used to say "You're under arrest, sugar."
How would you feel if you had to do a handstand every time you took a piss.
Yeah, but Mr. Brown? That's too close to Mr. Shit.
The man you killed was just released from prison. He got caught at a company warehouse full of hot items. He could've walked away. All he had to do was say my dad's name. But instead he shut his mouth and did his time. He did four years for us, and he did 'em like a man. And we were very grateful. So, Mr. Orange, you're tellin' me this very good friend of mine, who did four years for my father, who in four years never made a deal, no matter what they dangled in front of him, you're telling me that now, that now this man is free, and we're making good on our commitment to him, he's just gonna decide, right out of the fuckin' blue, to rip us off?
Like hell I am.
Joe, trust me on this, you've made a mistake. He's a good kid. I understand you're hot, you're super-fuckin' pissed. We're all real emotional. But you're barking up the wrong tree. I know this man, and he wouldn't do that.
Dead as Dillinger.
Life in the-fat lane.
'Cause I thought you were gay.
Me having the fattest thighs.
Her long-line panty girdle.
Oh, shit. All their eyes move across the room, where a very sexy young WOMAN has entered with a noisy blue-collar type.
Hands off my wife.
Oh, you think if you get some girlfriend, or maybe a wife, you ain't gonna pay? Oh, you'll pay . but you won't ever be sure you're gonna get it. Now with me, you pay, but you get it, and you get it good!
I'm your man, Mr. Ho.
Come and get 'em.
Wait a minute... I've got to get a picture of you old college chums...
See this... A feminist came into the Pennsylvania Avenue store this morning -- called me a 'sexist' and a 'pig' and tore the card up. I said 'Listen, we got naked men on cards, too, with their pee-pees hanging out... It's fair! We got men and we got women!'
I didn't 'fuck' Kevin. I was confused and angry... and I care for him deeply.
You know, until today I thought gay people were nuts.
Horrible Hooch?
You were right. . .he had a wise-ass mouth.
But-this-is-not-the-way-you-naughty-boy. Ok? Alright. Freddie: You-are-mischeif. Horrible young man you are! The PHONE RIGHTS, Mary Sue moves and picks it up, speaks OC, we stay with MASTER and FREDDIE:
She has two children.
Okay, so she's a very old goddamned liar. I traced her as far back as the 20's... she was working as an actress in L.A. An actress. Her name was Rose Dawson. Then she married a guy named Calvert, moved to Cedar Rapids, had two kids. Now Calvert's dead, and from what I've heard Cedar Rapids is dead.
S'cuse me, I have to go check our supply of Depends.
Goin' home... to the land o' the free and the home of the real hot- dogs! On the TITANIC!! We're ridin' in high style now! We're practically goddamned royalty, ragazzo mio!!
Shit!! Come on, Fabri!
We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!
S'cuse me, Miss.
So you feel like you're stuck on a train you can't get off 'cause you're marryin' this fella.
You're deranged!
Why do they insist on always announcing dinner like a damn cavalry charge?
Don't feel bad about it. My husband still can't tie one of these damn things after 20 years. There you go.
Boys, boys! Did I ever tell you the one about the Swede and the Irishman goin' to the whorehouse?
Pretty tough for a valet, this fella.
Put your hands on me Jack.
Bugger me!!
That's it, lads. Get the hell up!
They've all gone back inside. Too damn cold and noisy for them.
What's doing, sonny? You've got us all trussed up and now we're cooling our heels.
Row! Row you bastards!!
It's hers, you schmuck.What happened, Doc? You look like a man who wants something.
My God... Poor buggers.
They want me to go to a POW camp, where there are five thousand American prisoners.  The men who fly those bombers up there.  And they want me to kill them.
We have run many camps.  All Americans think the same.  Look at this, which we took from the body of a prisoner trying to escape.  He had documents -- the prisoners make their own paper, and make stamps by carving them from potatoes.  They scrape blankets, and make German style clothes.  They are crafty, these Americans.
You say the word, Sir, me and my boys'll take over this camp and kill every Nazi bastard in it.
I've got to piss.
Damn right, Pal, and you better have a password.
I'm Thorn.  Looks like you guys went through some shit.
You're the one who's nuts!
What, me personally?  An exceptionally large dick, and fifty more years to enjoy it.
You are insane.
I think both of you are deserters! Come with me.
That brilliant son of a bitch.  He's found an unexploded bomb.
That you got let go.
A lot of good people are being accused of things they didn't do. Hell, even if I was a communist, this is America, goddammit, a person should be able to be whatever they want to be! Right?
You look familiar, fella. What's your name?
Well, at least you remember "Moby Dick."
Aw, crap.
Did you fix the damn film? It broke in the last reel.
Damn...
Look, fellas, I don't have anything to say...
Leo, you were in there, you saw what I did. You think they're gonna let me write pictures? Hell, they're probably gonna throw my ass in jail.
So, our lawyers had a talk with the Committee's lawyers. That Elvin Clyde fella won't be too happy about it, but we cut a deal. They cleared you -- and they're gonna thank you publicly for your testimony purging yourself.
For your information this is not just your average, run-of-the- mill tub of snot !
The "booger man" is taking over.
Zedd's gonna kick this snotball into next week!
It just goes to show, ya never go into business with a booger.
Snoggle, you watch your language!
That guy's cruisin' for a bruisin'.
I have taught you all that I know.   Now you must achieve the Ninjetti on your own.
WE... ARE THE NINJETTI!!!
She screws him.
Gay. 15.
Don't start conversations with people while they're pissing.
So gay.
She's gonna kick that bar's butt!
Holy shit! You Mr. Miagi'd me!
Mrs. Thompson. This is the one he pulled The Scarlet Letter Asshole routine on.
That was uncalled for. Sorry for being a dick.
You are gonna be the new stud in this place.
My tits? I got tits?
I could still kick yer ass.
I gotta take a piss. Don't fall asleep.
Not being retarded.
Hey Conlon. Jimmy looks over at FRANK DORSEY, 30s, a bulky, arrogant bruiser sitting on a stool among a group of ROUGHNECKS.
— But how’s that gonna make my tits any bigger? Boyfriend says, Beats me, but it worked on your ass. Sayers and Nance LAUGH. Colin reaches into a drawer and hands both cops envelopes thick with cash.
I wish. I’m introducin’ my father to a new client tonight. Been tryin’ to put this fuckin’ deal together for nine months. Finally the old man agrees to hear me out.
Twenty years ago I made a living the same way we all did. A few big scores a year, but mostly I was a grinder. You wanted to lay down on a few ball games, you came to me. You wanted to open a butcher shop and the bank said fuck-you on the loan, you came to me. Know what that butcher shop is today?
Which airline, fellas?
Retired. Lives down in Atlantic City now. Spends his weekends blowin’ his pension at the craps tables. Got tired of working with a DA on Maguire’s payroll. Tired of seeing murderers like you walk free.
Oh fuck — oh fuck — oh fuck — Mike HOPS a second fence — SHAKES OFF the growling Doberman which has a mouthful of his pant leg and — Colin and Kenan — not far behind, CHASING Mike and — Mike emerges from the backyard into a STREET — looks around — can HEAR the FOOTFALLS and VOICES of Colin and Kenan
Sorry ‘bout that, pal. Woman on Frankford had raccoons in her attic ducts. Nasty fuckin’ critters.
You don’t wanna do that.
tries to lock the door when — BA-WOOMP! the DOOR FLIES BACKWARD as FRANK comes barreling in, KNOCKING Jimmy to the floor. Frank locks the door and stares down at Jimmy, a shit-eating grin curling on his face:
It’s Saturday. Isn’t that greasehead losin’ his ass at the craps table? INTERCUT BETWEEN JIMMY AND HARDING A beat. Harding, realizing it really is Jimmy. Then:
Six cups a day for the last thirty years. Helps me shit regularly.
Make a decent livin’ doin’ that?
In high school. I’d sit in the outfield, though. Couldn’t stand bein’ around the other parents. Every asshole tellin’ you how his kid’s the next Lou Gehrig. A beat. What Jimmy says next doesn’t come easily:
Cause that’s your MO, right, Harding? Turnin’ over on cops. No wonder you’ve been stranded in Homicide for the last fifteen years. Even your own brethren can’t stand havin’ your ass around. That strikes a nerve in Harding. He starts like he’s about to have a go at Daley. Flores reins him in.
Hell’re you doin’ here, Harding?
I’m tryin’ goddamnit! Jimmy clambers to his feet. Mike spots a FREIGHT ELEVATOR. They cross to it. Mike presses the ‘down’ button when — CONLON!
Take Rowland... get away from all this shit... Mike hangs a right down Rowland. The sound of EMERGENCY SIRENS fading off, giving way to a rare quiet moment. Jimmy slips off his shoe, rolls down his sock. His ankle blueblack, badly swollen.
Who the hell is this guy? ...Price.
Who you talkin’ to over there?
How some people get dealt shittier hands in life than others... Bring him a phone. Let him call his wife.
Thirty, thirty-five years. The night he graduated the academy we took him out and got him laid. This hideous lookin’ redhead Shawn found walkin’ the streets in Olney. Prolly the first and last time for that fat prick.
Close with ‘em?
Well shit.     Except for the uh, for her?
That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me. It's a con.
The Chink.
The Chink had it - I'm telling him, I know, thank you - in her report, I missed it. This is actually kind of great, I'll tell you why.
No, yeah it does. That's what - the Taj Majal taken by a fat tourist with diarrhea and a point- and-shoot camera can be the flattest, dullest, "here's us at the Taj Majal," "Oh lovely lets go stick our thumbs up our asses" picture. But you can look at the most menial everyday thing, and depending on how your pinhole camera eats the light, it's warped and peculiar and imperfect. It's not reproduction, it's storytelling.
I know you like to throw those clever little details in, but you've gotta watch that shit with her Stephen. She had a lot of time alone in that house, and she used it. She did the best Double Dutch Queens I've ever seen up on the deck last night.
Have at thee, you ham headed bastards!
Nite.
Gin is slow death, man.
Ha!   Ha ha. Piss and vinegar.
The Chink.
Yeungling went to get another car.
Uh huh. Assholes. Ok. Um, ok. So I've got "We are all assholes in our own theatrical enterprises." You sure?
But it is different meaning in Mandarin, uh, endearing. "Shit head" if you have affection for shit.
To tell a story so well it becomes real. The perfect con. That's his whole, goddammit, that's what.
OK. So a few things to clarify. One my gown is open backed because they’ve stolen my clothes, so I’m going to twirl so you can look at my arse once. She twirls. We get a look at her arse.
Walk beside me not behind me, OK? My arse is not my best feature.
There was only seven years between the release of The Beatles first album and their last. Seven years in which they changed the world, made a shitload of cash and desecrated Christ. That’s quite something I think.
We’re like Butch and Sunpat?
Really? I wrote those. Adolescent shit mostly.
Yes, there was logic in what I wanted to do. I wanted to say goodbye to a semi-functioning digestive system, a criminal record, a wife who hated me, a job I was shit at and a more than healthy dose of self disgust - I wanted to say goodbye to a life mislaid. No. Not mislaid. That implies accidental damage. I hadn’t mislaid my life, I’d...spent it.
We were both at the bar trying to order. A Dire Straits song came on the juke box. You screamed “who put this shit on?” I turned and confessed.
Okay well, you dump the salt and pepper on the bar and I say to you, I bet I can separate the grains, and you say “bull-shit!” Then I...
Shit, Bell. You smell like a pirate.
Work shit.
Throw me a bone when you’re mayor. Captain’s pension or something. Partner nods, taking it.
You ever watch Super Chicken? Stupid fucking cartoon, old. Anyway, whenever they’d get into a jam, Super Chicken’s sidekick would start to complain and Super Chicken would say “You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred!”
Nothing! What, we were at this club, and out of nowhere this guy starts being a dick to Jay.
Taz Furner all hot, saying you are holding his shit for some reason?
Fuck yeah, I’m in.
As he walks back to his truck, Bell calls out. Nice ass.
Agnes, you've got to --
Carol Lundgren? That punk.
I got enough of you, chum.
Get away from me.
I've called Wilde. Come on. deliver this punk to him. He leans down, grasps Carol's arm.
Sure. The guy they found drowned in the car shot another guy last night in your territory; a guy named Geiger who ran a racket in the back room of a bookstore on the boulevard. The punk I got in the back office worked for Geiger.
You see, Cronjager? Even as smart as he is, he's got to guess sometimes, too.
That's right, Cronjager. Maybe Sherlock's even going to show us his evidence for guessing that.
He's afraid that ex-bootlegger, Regan, that he took up about a year ago, is mixed up in this somewhere. What he really wants is for you to find out that Regan isn't.
Marlowe rises.
A guy's playing a hand, I let him play it. I'm no kibitzer.
Whaddaya want?
I've only known one fool as big as you...
Ever see a dick with such a one-track mind? He's sitting right on the edge of a hole in the ground, but he still cares who killed Regan. Want to tell him, Eddie? Want to send him to bed happy?a wickedlooking redneck joint which is built out over the waters of a.swamp.
THROUGHthe door and inside. The club is filled with bizarr people; full-bearded hillbillies, mean-looking crackers in overalls, bad asses and honky tonk women all leering and threatening.
grin lights up Pee Wee's face and he moans softly .. We still hear the pulsing MUSICand the CHANTINGfrom Porky's and we realize we have· been seeing Pee Wee' s dream. Pee Wee is seventeen and five feet four .inches tall and continually the butt of short jokes. That fact dominates his life; that and the fact that he is the horniest little bastard who ever lived. As the dream continues
Does a fat
Poor white
Fuck yo and the horse you rode in on? Th t's colorful redneck humor, right?
I d 't know, Pee Wee, even a nym ornaniac's got standards.
the way I like 'em. I like 'em.
y wanta know?
He's a prick at that.
Alright, Tim. We won't ask him. But ~ou're an asshole, you know.
She say as she loo s, st dious and con erned ...
Now, suddenl, ~he dofr is h rled ?pen, an' ab o d-stai ed Tommy stagge s into t e room and dq,es ave fa e death scene. Howe er, it's enough to comi,vince ev,eryo e but Ti . ~ e ot er· gu s are pr paring to bot, nake~~r • o_. Now to top off t e charad, the lack uy liter lly w lks through the oor, teaing it,off is hinges. How ver, while his ac and his gestur s are ferociou, he' ready to piss from laughing
Get your ass home.
Hey, listen, man, this is gett ng serious.
You're nuts, Jarvis. Porky is a bad ass redneck.
Porky's got a roon upstairs called 'Porky's Pen.' can have a party up there with t Cuban dancers if you let 'em kno know wh~t you're doing.
.Another Pee Wee spec'al. No, really, -you nuts.
EMPHASIZESPee Wee and Meat One of he stripp·ers, figuring she has a live one, begin coming o to Pee Wee. Meat has all he can do to keep Pee Wee from umping up and down. Pee Wee signals the str pper that he wants to see her breasts. She holds up two fingers. Yeah, hell,
Go home, snot nose.
You promised to get me laid.
He is a prick.
Yeah, well, anyway even though He's a schmuck, and we don't like everything he does he's still or buddy, ya know.
the hospit 1, matter wit you
I'm going home, where ~o yo, think? Don't worry, ol buddy, learned my less n.
Jesus
Hey, lis ee Wee's with you, don't le if He'll loo get confused.
make a man outta
Gather 'round and witne~s at work. I
And they GUNTHE
down t bus. Pee Wee eme10 es from the.door pulling on his pants.I We don't hear what he . says but we get the idea when the gP.ys all start taking out their wallets. Finally someone hafs Pee Wee one and he rushes back on the bus.
Not sitting on our butts in here, that's for sure.
Sorry.  Nothing but that same damn transmission, every 32 seconds.  I've tried every frequency on the spectrum.
Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing!
Shit or wind your watch. Call it a day or run for fuckin president? I ask you. NO STEAMBOAT CAPTAIN OR KING has ever been more resplendent than UNCLE CHARLIE behind the bar, with its dazzling glassware and bottles, its carved masculine wood, its central shield with the silhouette of Dickens on it. UNCLE CHARLIE is laughing with friends, and now he notices something, makes a Coke from the gun, pops two cherries into it...
Hey, asshole. Nice day with the kid.
That’s your wife. She put a spell on you. She cast this spell so maybe once a week you can speak English and your dick works. She wants to know what it’s like.
Fuck you, this is Manhassett. Everybody comes to the bar. The bar is life.
Ok, look, these are the Male Sciences. This is your drink, and this is your pack of butts. They go here, and there. See that guy’s money over there on the bar? The way he’s putting it in his pocket? YOUNG JR looks. We see it.
You’re always looking for something that might be relevant in the long run. I think you’re looking for higher meaning out of all this shit, which, as a resident of Long Island, creeps me out.
OK. I’d avoid the drawing. Just leave that out. Here it is. I know a lot of people who think they are writers. In most cases—you will find this in life—they are not. You don’t wanna be one of those guys trust me. There are seven, eight at the bar. Everybody has a pen, everybody has some paper, everybody had to write something at some point, so they think, oh if I had TIME, if I fuckin knew somebody, etcetera. How do I phrase this, don’t be one of those guys. Like Bob at the bar. Who’s Bob?
He’s probably climbing the walls. He’s gonna come in here and say weird shit. Never keep a man from his cigarettes.
They’re different. They want to talk about shit. BUT. What they want to talk about is never...appropriate. It’s about FEELINGS, which is not a productive subject. It’s very hard to get into. YOUNG JR sits with him.
You take him, you son of a bitch. GRANDPA stands there is stained chinos, fly open, cliffhanging socks, wrecked T-shirt. And like a Duke, after a pause: Of course.
They give you a half assed clue and the answer is two words that rhyme. Like this one. “Jane’s vehicles” is easy. Fonda’s Hondas.
Nixon’s fixins.
You must be young JR. What are you doing with these bums?
What’s a “poyim”?
I guess we have no choice. Let me buy these assholes a drink.
Get these boys one on me.
The first rule is if someone is an asshole, and puts you down, never take it seriously. If somebody makes a big thing about social position, it means they don’t have it. They’re nervous.
The idea of social classes is for unmarried women, closet drinkers, with lots of cats. They buy those books about being ravished by noblemen. Scott Fitzgerald was kind of a cat lady in his own way, he believed all kinds of shit. Anyway.
Don’t be a fucking knucklehead. Watch the movies until you can understand it. Read it aloud. JR looks at him as if he is an oracle. BAYARD leads the way on towards into the party. Then he stops: SIDNEY is there. The GIRL FROM CLASS. SIDNEY is beautiful, an undergrad, and for college well dressed: cashmere, leather coat. She is leaving the party out of disinterest.
Don’t fuck with me. So lets catch up soon. Glad you made it, I was worried. College isn’t for everybody.
Oh for fuck’s sake. No it isn’t! It’s more like an independence slash finality thing with a nod to a former situational interdependency.
People have been saying that. The traditional first novel, which is about all your personal shit, is now memoir. I think it’s honest.
She’s checking in on you, seeing if you’ve gotten your shit together.
It’s never what it’s about. It’s how it’s about it. If you don’t know that, don’t ask people what they are fucking reading. What a book is about is the same thing that life is about. Love, and pain, and death, and disappointment.
Pure gold. All that means is all those assholes are now characters.
Only fucking with you. He turns into a side dirt road, and pulls up, in a cloud of dust, at a shotgun shack made as nice as it could be which isn’t very. A GIRL’S BICYCLE leans against the porch steps. THE VOICE finishes his pint as if it is medicine, necking it.
Whatever.
I know: You’re a good-looking guy. We should have ‘em photograph you, and say you’re me. Maybe I’ll finally end up getting laid. Lipsky laughs. 35
All right, you could make me look like a real dick if you print this: Yes, you're performing muscular movements with your hand as you're jerking off. But what you're doing is running a movie in your head, and having a fantasy relationship with somebody who isn't real, in order to stimulate a purely neurological response. Look: as the Internet grows in the next ten, fifteen years, and virtual reality pornography becomes a reality, we're gonna have to develop some machinery, inside our guts, to help us turn off pure, unalloyed pleasure. Otherwise, I don’t know about you, but I’m gonna have to leave the planet.
An escort’s supposed to pick me up and, you know, escort me to the reading. Of course, when I hear “escort,” I imagine like full geisha with hairpins who will take you to the bookstore, then back to the hotel, walk on your back and fuck your eyeballs out. Lipsky is laughing.
Shit Check.
Ah! Look what you did. The dogs sheepishly watch David clean up their shit.
But when they were pushed, they pushed back! Started something like ten fist fights! Poor Hick.
When she finally got back to her office, she kicked off her shoes, opened her window and shouted out: ‘God damn the King and Queen!” All laughing hard.
Oh hello, Dick.
There are other cottages on that hill-MISSY He asked her to. He asked her to build a cottage, so they could live close together when he retired, while he wrote those goddamn detective books he's always talking about writing.
Or we can call it “Discovered while Oliver’s smug ass was sound asleep.”
It’s a sub that once it surfaces opens up to become an aircraft carrier. It’s going to kick major ass.
Shut up Jason.
No one say a word. Not a goddamn word until we’re clear. They walk silently for a beat.
Hell yeah, we leak it. No question. But you two need to get your asses ready for the churn.
Listen, years back I had about five years in this town where I was hot shit. An asteroid had blown up over Russia and I was hitting all the daily news shows, being quoted left and right. And then I was testifying before Congress and this old road apple of a Representative from Texas was questioning me. QUICK FLASH OF A CONGRESSMAN’S HAND AND MOUTH SPEAKING INTO A MIC AT A HEARING. ANOTHER CONGRESSMAN NEXT TO HIM.
And then for the next three years my entire career came apart. I went backwards and backwards. My wife even left me for a wide receiver from the Eagles. Handsome son of a bitch. Ran a four four. Point being I had no idea what had happened. And one day a package shows up at my divorced guy apartment and inside was Sir Isaac Newton’s The Principia. FLASH of the book being unwrapped from tissue paper.
The point is you gotta be smart. You’re about to leak classified materials against a President whose base thinks when she pisses there’s a cork popping sound.
Stop it Paula.
Good for you little lady. Forgiveness is the whole damn game.
Aw Chell, I know how that girl works it. I hooked up with her at the Music Globes last year. Right before I ran off with that power forward from the Nuggets. It’s all just drama. But I want you to be my happy ending.
Watch out for him. He’ll charge you for free shit. Jason, President Orlean’s son, peaks out of the Oval Office.
Well that’s weird as hell.
What about this wing nut Kate Dibiasky that’s all over the internet yelling in Shrimp restaurants? She’s got some people awfully upset.
Give it to me. I don’t give a shit anymore. She signs the agreement. CUT TO: INT. MIDDLE CLASS KITCHEN - DAY TV COMMERCIAL: A worried HOUSEWIFE is in a kitchen. Her children run past. MUSIC: Like a pharma ad: contemplative yet hopeful
You are such a shameless capitalist, Jack!
You got springy hair for a white man.
Yeah, we heard you speak! We... DAMN DAMN DAMN! Uh, hey, how tall are you anyway?!
You fellas best find your company.
Ain't won yit.
You are out of order!
Them fellers from Richmond ain't here yit.
When the war ends, I intend to push for full equality, the Negro vote and much more. Congress shall mandate the seizure of every foot of rebel land and every dollar of their property. We'll use their confiscated wealth to establish hundreds of thousands of free Negro farmers, and at their side soldiers armed to occupy and transform the heritage of traitors. We'll build up a land down there of free men and free women and free children and freedom. The nation needs to know that we have such plans.
Ah, shit on the people and what they want and what they're ready for! I don't give a goddamn about the people and what they want! This is the face of someone who has fought long and hard for the good of the people without caring much for any of `em. And I look a lot worse without the wig. The people elected me! To represent them! To lead them! And I lead! You ought to try it!
Now, Mr. Allen discovered on entering the water closet that the only decoration therein was a portrait of George Washington. Ethan Allen done what he came to do and returned to the drawing room. His host and the others were disappointed when he didn't mention Washington's portrait. And finally His Lordship couldn't resist, and asked Mr. Allen had he noticed it, the picture of Washington. He had. Well, what did he think of its placement, did it seem appropriately located to Mr. Allen? Mr. Allen said it did. His host was astounded! Appropriate? George Washington's likeness in a water closet? Yes, said Mr. Allen, where it'll do good service: the whole world knows nothing'll make an Englishman shit quicker than the sight of George Washington.
And, and! We will be forced to enfranchise the men of the colored race - it would be inhuman not to! Who among us is prepared to give Negroes the vote?
Wait!! You wanted, what was it, tax man for the Western Reserve, hell you can have the whole state of Ohio if you -
Aw, crap.
It's the goddamned rumors There are defections in the regarding the Richmond ranks... Yes! The peace delegation. offer!
Resistance, hell! Thingamabob Hollister, Dem from Indiana? I approached him, the sumbitch near to murdered me!
You have always insisted, Mr. Stevens, that Negroes are the same as white men are.
That same speech has been made by how many sons to how many fathers since the war began? "I don't need your damn permission, you miserable old goat, I'm gonna enlist anyhow!" And what wouldn't those numberless fathers have given to be able to say to their sons - as I now say to mine - "I'm commander-in-chief, so in point of fact, without my permission, you ain't enlisting in nothing, nowhere, young man." 84.
What my people are to be, I can't say. Negroes have been fighting and dying for freedom since the first of us was a slave. I never heard any ask what freedom will bring. Freedom's first. As for me: My son died, fighting for the Union, wearing the Union blue. For freedom he died. I'm his mother. That's what I am to the nation, Mr. Lincoln. What else must I be?
I can't listen to this anymore! I can't accomplish a goddamned thing of any human meaning or worth until we cure ourselves of slavery and end this pestilential war, and whether any of you or anyone else knows it, I know I need this! This amendment is that cure! We're stepped out upon the world's stage now, now, with the fate of human dignity in our hands! Blood's been spilt to afford us this moment!
You got a night and a day and a night and several perfectly good hours! Now get the hell out of here and get `em!
Buzzards' guts, man.
PRITCHARD
CRASSWELL
CRASSWELL
Understood. CRASSWELL
No, don't rub it off. It's nice, It's e qood name for you; l?epto. I'a Sailor. Everybody cells me Sailor because I ws nearly in the Navy. They wouldn't take me bece.use they lSll.id I had pleurilsy.
Locked? Why would they lock the mi33ion on a night like this? Suddenly, tlolly appears with a plan~ of wood, forces it between the bar3 and smashes the window She 3houts through the broken g:ass. tlOLLY
CRASSWELL
nibbler.
All right. I' 11 stop him. He's not the only one who can run one of those goddamn machines. Seeni.g that no one is going to help him, Cresswell spots anotr,er nibbler. As he runs to it, he talks to himself
CRASSWELL
No negotiations. We had a bet remember? Let me jar your memory. Bolt maneuvers the lever, and the arm of the nibbler starts to swing Crasswell back and forth. Crasswell screams in a high shrill voice, just like a woman.
He never looks at him, Tid. He can’t bear even to look at him.
Bloggs told me the other day that all our friends were convinced I’d give up on you. Apparently they saw me as some kind of pampered nitwit.
You were a pampered nitwit.
I’ve got nothing against nitwits... so long as they’re pretty.
Look at Robin now. They both look. Robin has four pretty women round him now.
He runs the Disability Research Foundation.
You’ll make a good God, Clem... AllOkay, you can own any film; you want STAR WAAS? You can have it -- exact movie, everything's 100%·the same -- except in the middle, Yoda points and says, "Luke, you dumbfuck! Quit dick.in' around and pay attention." Then it goes back to normal. Rest of the movie, exactly the ~Would you invest •• ? MANenters, dressed a tad shabby,
This tape goes in the L.A pouch. And get me Gay Perry on the line, will you •• ?
Those are some tits.
GAYPERRY
my tits.
IN A SKIMPYSANTAGETUP
falls in alongside, what--? The bastards have him flanked. black, the other white. Tall. Harry feels
Such as, why is· a saavy stand-up cat yourself consorting with gay men, frolicking in a lake together?
they're murdering
& GAY PERRY.
think the daughter pusiness is wanky. Last summer she says Daddy siphoned off Mom's estate. Sues Daddy. Flies to L.A. to put Daddy behind bars. HARRY
GAY PERRY
-- The schmuck will take and make you eat it.
What? INTERCUT- GAY PERRY & HARMONY
Dude, face
Cam bustin', turbo revvin' young punk.
Sic 'em!
Grimlock, get your noodle out of my face!
Me Grimlock no bozo.   Me king!
Happy motoring! Cock-a-doodle-do!
Me Grimlock kick Butt.We're here.  Where the hell are you?
You got the shit?
Don't worry.  It's just round the corner. Halfway down that block, you can't miss it.  Top step of the front stairs, there's a loose stone.  Go on, I ain't shitting you.
Yo.  You two, get the hell away from there!
Let's get the hell outta here.
Let's get the hell outta here.
Looks like a damn graveyard round here.
Bones!  How baddass is zat?  This is the place for us.  Patrick, you get platinum props, man.  Platinum.
What's your problem with Crippled Dick?
Take who where?  What you smokin'?
You soundin' like the old man now.
I believe in you guys.  You are the real shit.  And you know it.  Now I'm putting everything I got into this cuz I think we can make it happen, but you gotta put a little in too.  Now all I"m asking is that everybody do their part.  We'll move some shit in, and take shifts, or all crash together here --
Gonna be le hot shit.
Nothing but net?  Could be a swish.  Or a muthafucking air ball.
Fair enough for the shit.  But I think a little bonus is due for knocking out the competition.
...we just been in the damn suburbs too long.
Watcha looking at, poochie?
Yeah, well, Maurice is right.  It's gonna take more work than I thought.  But we can still do it.  We'll lay a real floor in here.  Put damping on the walls. Totally controlled sound.  Be perfect. No one could hear shit up on the street.
Get your damn dog, girl!
Those 'fools' are my people.
It's like this, Jimmy.  There's a wave coming.  A big ass Krakatoa, East of Java wave.  And either you gonna be on top of the wave up there in chocolate heaven, or you gonna be buried 'neath the muddy undertow.
Bitch.  Nobody walks out on Eddie Mack.
My old man calls the shots.  He built that gate and these damn walls.
You two bitches were just meat, never had any idea smarter than getting yourself a little more.  But my brother Jaybird, here.  He was smart.  He didn't just want more.  He wanted more with compound interest.
.•. You guys don't take any shit.
•.• In ancient day, an Afghan king was asked to send five hundred of best warriors -How is said? 'Bad asses'?
You fight with us, American.
That is Gagorski! Gagorski fights against us?! Bastard! 346
Floris, get Guinness on the phone.
Fine woman, Floris. I don't know how she puts up with this damn speech impediment of mine.
Im not a homosexual. I just like women for more than their bodies. I guess you could say I'm the new American male.
No, wait! I like your tits.
Holy shit. Maxine is gonna love this.
I was John fucking Malkovich!
I just wanted to tell you that. And say thank you. I have a cousin that's a retard, so, as you can imagine, it means a lot to me to see retards portrayed on the silver screen so compassionately.
The way I see it, the world is divide into those go after what they want and those who don't. The passionate ones, the ones who go after what they want, may not get what they want, but they remain vital, in touch with themselves, and when they lie on their deathbeds, they have few regrets. The ones who don't go after what they want... well, who gives a shit about them anyway?
No. Don't be an ass.
Crackpot.
A girl has a right to glow if she wants. It's in the fucking constitution.
Holy shit, yes!
Holy shit, yes!
Holy shit! He said what I said!
Holy shit! He said what I said!
You were stoned. Case closed. End of story. How hot is this babe?
You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend.
Oh shut up.
Hmmm, a lesbian, are you? I must inform you that I find that highly arousing.
Squatter's rights, Lester.
Keep your eyes in your pants, old timer.
Bastard is stealing my thunder.
Whatever.
All you screwballs know what you've got to do to enter these events -- if you want to -- If you're really interested in a good, clean, tough sport -- instead of seeing how much trouble you can cause --
Come on, Crazy! Screw it on!
Let's stop this. I've seen hoodlums like this before. If you don't get tough with them the minute they get out of line you're sunk --
You're hurting me!
Sit down, Frank, and shut up!
I got the idea from this magazine. Floor murals. It was sort of my way of making him admit that he didn’t really like my stuff, that he was just trying to manipulate me. It was like, you like my shit, well, here you go... She indicates the floor. Porter nods, but his face says he doesn’t quite get it.
Like a dude. You know?
If you like boobs it is!
You pop blackheads for a living.
You know what I hate? When you’re in like, a store, and you hold the door for the person behind you but then they don’t hold the door for the person behind them? And you’re standing there like a fucking doorman!
I was covered in acne when I was a kid. My poor daughter has zits cuz of me. I guess it’s hereditary.
They're no creeps!
Because...of *you*, Sir!Give me the goddamn hose!
Don't worry, Mr. Pitt, we're gonna get the son-of-a-bitch.
This guy, Quaddafi, that Bin Laden... We never get these assholes.
Federales are looking for someone.
In Mompos.
I have to piss.
I don't care what the Puerto Ricans say.
She was killed in Guatemala.
More like Kitchen Nightmares. Ingrid takes a sip. Holy shit.
Scout’s honor. Of course the cops show up and everyone scatters. I end up hitching a ride to the airport only to realize I left my credit card at the hotel. So there I am, stranded at De Gaulle with my dick in my hand, when who do I see? Nicky pulls his eyes into two slits.
Don’t be a prick, Nicky.
Gee, I don’t know. Maybe because he’s the most dynamic bad-ass in the history of entertainment? Really?
Your boyfriend’s dad runs one of the biggest hedge funds in the world. He pulled in over three hundred mil last year. Dude’s a fucking Viking. Ingrid stares at Pinto, who now has a guilty look on his face. He glances awkwardly up at the sky.
Pinto! Get your ass down here! I got a Cohiba with your name on it! Hell yeah!
Holy shit, Pinto.
No. Fuck no. This is a movie about discovering your true identity in a world where everybody wears masks. Don’t get me wrong, that stuff kills, but I’m just gonna go ahead and assume that you don’t own the rights to the Batman franchise. Correct.
I wish you’d known the old Taylor. Back when she first moved here. She didn’t know anyone yet. She was this total preppie sorority chick. Her favorite band was Coldplay, for fuck’s sake.
I gotta hand it to you, that was a bold move, convincing Ezra to throw me out on my ass like that.
Hell yeah!
I mean, you know how stubborn he is. He’s a pain in the ass.
“Chubstitute.”
I don’t want a turbo penis. I like your medium soft one.
Bike lane, asshole! It’s always the guy in the fucking Infiniti. EXT. STREETS NEAR THE STAIRS - DAY Debbie is doing sit-ups while talking to Jason, who holds her feet down. In the background, Barb stretches on a yoga ball.
We’re in one of those phases where everything the other person says just annoys the shit out of each other. All the time. It’s a blast.
You’re tightening up.
Well, I mean, it’s not a fucking Porsche, but it’ll do for now.
Nah, man. That ain’t me.
Fair enough. Sometimes I withhold truth, that is true. But it’s only because I’m scared to death of your crazy-assed illogical overreactions.
I have very high nipples.
Shut up, Charlotte.
Shut up, Sadie!
-Everybody-in- Nup this time of year.
Get your butts down here and say "hello!"
He's my boyfriend, tool.
Kick his butt, Todd!
The kid's mixed up. Look at him.
See! My nanny can kick your nanny's butt.
... I haven't seen anybody, you Skeever?
Dude, this is outta hand. Who are all these people?
Come on Frogman! Don't be a sissy!
The hell's wrong with you, Stalworth, you didn't eat that Chicken A La King at chow did ya?
But we'd be badasses, right Bro?
Yeah, we'd be badasses. Eyes on the road, Rip.
Duke now has Rip ver his shouders and is running like hell.
Jesus, Rip.
That's the reason we got our asses kicked. Duke betrays nothing. Hawk looks at him.
Duke...it's beautiful. It's too nice you lunatic.
He's a cur! A Frenchie!
You know, not every guy you meet is an asshole. You do know that, don't you? Scarlett stops and returns to the sink, he ignores her, cleaning the blood off his face. She softens.
Come on! He hauls-ass.
In front of sixty million people.
Bhai, get out of there. Prakash wants a shit.
Nita, I can explain.
Pervert!
Madher chod...!
- so much waiting around in this damned country.
Oi, Jamal! There's a woman with no panties on over here.
You just killed somebody.
I saved your bloody life, didn't I?
- and he doesn't like bloody time wasters.
Oh, come on! Of course he is. He's a bloody village boy. Even when I fed him the wrong answer the little shit got it right.
I know I did not hear you cussin’ in this house about Mama. Clarice puts on her colorful real-estate blazer.
Yo, B, it’s Dave. Reesie’s working tonight. If your lawyer ass ain’t too busy, what do you say we get our hoops on? Holler back at me. Brock smiles, relieved, as he hangs up the phone.
It hurts like hell.
Come on, brother, we homeys from way back. Why you got to sweat me like that?
You used to be good people when you wasn’t too good for the hood. But forget this shit! I ain’t rollin’ with no Uncle Tom! Darnell picks up the ball and fires it to the Big Dude, who no longer has a smile. Darnell starts to walk off. Brock tries one last appeal.
I guess you’re right. Life isn’t fair. Otherwise, some butt-ugly sucker like you doesn’t end up with a fine lady like Clarice while a rich, handsome dude like me is till trollin’ singles bars. Dave gets his chuckle on.
Please, Baby A-Rod, stop actin’ like you meant to catch that ball. You luckier than a crackhead with a five-dollar scratcher. More HOOTS, HOWLS and AD LIB trash talk from the other boys. Dave and Brock trade a weary look.
Boy, yo butt so fat if you farted it would take ‘til next week to come out! Huge LAUGHTER and lots of “skin” is slapped among the boys.
Whatever.
What I know, young man, is you got a priority problem. You need a priority transplant. Why you wastin’ your time with all those little gangsters with their drawers hangin’ all out? All they are is a bunch of thieves training to be crackheads like their daddies.
“Roses are red, violets are blue... Girl, we holdin’ your big ass real estate trophy so you better get well soon.” But it’s a reminder of her loss and the reality of her situation. She looks away, tears filling her eyes.
Hmm-mmm. Look at that tight little ass. I’d like to bounce a silver dollar offa that ass and make me change for the vending machine. OFF Clarice and Mama’s looks of shock and awe -CUT TO: INT. JOHNSON HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY - SOMETIME LATER Dave pushes Clarice’s wheelchair into their bedroom. are home. Clarice takes in the place with a sigh.
Let me break it down for you. If things was all jiggy as that, then I wouldn’t be here, would I? Now move your butt and let me take care of my daughter. The look in her eye makes Dave a little afraid. aside and lets her by.
Okay, Miss Sunshine, that is about all of this nonsense I’m gonna put up with. Can’t you see you makin’ things worse? Time to scoot that perky little behind outta here. But intervention comes from a surprising source.
Nice play, little white dude.
Don’t make a sister go Oprah on your ass. Clarice takes a deep breath, then decides to give it up. burden mists up in her eyes.
Good men. The “’Til Death Do Us Part” type. The protect and cherish type. Me and my single friends sit around bitching about how all the guys like you are already taken.
You wanna tell me what the hell’s goin’ on here, brother. Dave doesn’t like his tone, but doesn’t want to play games.
Shit comes down on everybody. You can either let it keep you on your ass. Or you can choose to get past it. To beat it.
So when life knock you on your ass, how do you get back up?
Sit your butt down, young man. We gonna have a little come-to-Jesus meetin’.
Now it’s your turn you listen to me, you angry, bitter, man-hating old woman. Whatever is happenin’ between me and Julie Sawyer -- and I ain’t saying I even know what that is -- it has nothin’ to do with her damn skin color. Mama takes off her wig, puts up her dukes.
Where is that skank? I’m gonna knock both ya’lls into next week. Just then, the house PHONE RINGS. Dave and Mama glare at each other. It RINGS again. Finally, Clarice sighs and goes to answer it. Mama puts her wig back on, still fuming.
Young man, I don’t care if Sweet Judy Blue Eyes lost a whole damn bus load of children, if you walk out that door, Clarice will not be here when you come back. Dave stares straight at Clarice.
You missin’ the big picture here. My marriage is on the rocks. Who the hell cares what color she is? But Mama is on a roll.
They playin’ the bunt, D. Hit it hard. You King Kong up in this piece. Dave gives him a sign.I'll make sure he carves a 'Z' into your backside, now how does that sound?
Where you livin’?
He’s fifteen now. If you can believe that. Playin’ football. You ought’a come to a game, man, see him play. My boy’s a bad ass.
Now don’t eat jus’ the desert. I won’t!
Now I’m jus’ tryin’ to get an honest job, live an honest life.
What does queer mean?
Are you queer?
Whaddya got there?
Don't take any guff from these swine.
Say... uh... you fellas are going to be careful with this car, aren't you?
Damn right!
Hah! That's a bitch, ain't it? Last night I was home in Long Beach and somebody said they were runnin' the Mint 400 today, so I says to my old lady, "Man, I'm goin'." So she gives me a lot of crap about it, so I start slappin' her around, and the next thing you know two guys I never seen before are beating me stupid.
What outfit you fellas with?
HOT DAMN!
Goddamnit, we drove all the way from L.A.
Fuck seats! We're old friends of Debbie's. I used to romp with her.
Help! You bastard! I need help!
Hell, yes. You really need some sleep. You have to work. Goddamn. What a bummer. Try to rest. Don't let me keep you up.
You're another one of these California boys. Your friend here's been tellin' us about dope fiends.
Naked.
You're going to need to take the bull by the horns -- go to the mat with this scum.
You know what I mean. We've done it before and we can damn well do it again!
OK, goddamnit!... Look... I'll call her. I'll get her off our backs. You're right. She's my problem.
Spic pimp?
Ridiculous! Just say you were hitchhiking to the airport and I picked you up. You never saw me before. Shit, this town is full of white Cadillac convertibles. I plan to go through there so fast that nobody will even glimpse the goddamn license plate. You ready?
Don't take any guff from those swine. Remember, if you have any trouble you can always send a telegram to the Right People.
Yeah... Explaining my Position. Some asshole wrote a poem about that once...
Just another good American like yourself.
Oh my God. You got laid. Finally! Who is she?
See ya', hottie.
Hey, Spanky, let's go! Look forward to kickin' your puck ass.
No, Puck Ass, but people just call me Luke. We're beatin' his frat boy team in street hockey. Pisses 'em off.
He's a doctor, back East. He's sending this information pack. Look, I started thinkin' you're goin' bipolar on me or somethin'. Come on, man, BREASTS?!
Nah, c'mon. You're messin' with me.
Holy shit. It's that lady from the store! Grey and black at the bar.
That lady's nuts.
He's a hunk.
You're a screamer.
She a Lesbian?
Oh, give me a break! No way! Max?! They just had a huge fight. He tried to beat the crap out of him!
Oh, Christ, Luke's not queer!   He was just turnin' into a girl!
Oh, come on! I know the guy. We've done all kinds a' shit together: Hoops, hockey!
Sorry, man. Think she wishes everyone was female.
It's just an act. He likes pretending he's Joe Cool. Always says you gotta' just be whatever you want, and fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
The way you just talk to 'em about anything, like it was okay. I gotta' get her back, man.
Oh, Jeremy, I so profoundly don't care if you're queer. Trust me, around here, that's nothin'!
But I'm gay!
She's lyin'.
I think you're the macho half of me.
I'm going, tateh. The till is near the door to the john. DEBORAH raises her voice. Fats, you better spray the powder-room. There's a cockroach in there.
like an open palm. In a rage, he jumps down from the crates, right onto the unwary pisser. He ruins the GENT's aim; the jet hits the wall and his trousers. Before he can collect his thoughts, NOODLES darts out of the john like a cockroach.
You nuts?
Yeah, hear, 0 Israel, about the shnorrer who stole his own kid's food! He slams the door.
You're gonna fly when I kick your ass.
Nifty!
Who'd you take kissing lessons from, a goldfish? NOODLES sees red, but MAX explains, I seen you go in there after that baleboosteh. To change the subject, he takes off his cap and shows NOODLES a roll of bills tucked into the sweatband. Lookie. I unloaded the stuff from last night. Four bucks for the typewriter, six for the silverware. Shitsy Lipschitz wouldn't pay any more. We gotta get somebody else.
He sewed up everybody - even Fartface Whitey, did you notice? He's tough. Forget about him.
Don't get all fartootst! It happens to the best.
He's the shtunk!
Frankie. Call me Frankie. Friends I like call me Frankie. Get yourselves a chair and a glass, boys. PATSY and COCKEYE do just that
Where the hell do you think? He's in the maternity ward. Never left it. But he didn't care for his accommodations. So he switched. Switched his name-tag too. Then they all started to switch. You know how it is with kids - one does it, they all gotta do it. But talk about a fuckin' ruckus. By now we've panned back to see where we are - it's the front office of Peggy's bordello. MAX, COCKEYE, and PATSY are draped over the furniture, glasses in hand. Vast and flashy, PEGGY sits behind her enormous desk. After a pause to let AIELLO
No thanks, boychiks, it don't suit me. Everything is smooth as silk around this place because everyone knows you and me are partners. MAX takes COCKEYE'S place at the peep-hole, and sees:
I'm a Yid myself.
"How beautiful are your feet in sandals..." Puzzled, EVE looks at her bare feet. "Oh prince's daughter..." Deborah...Deborah.. He makes a major effort to sit up. Now I'm going to fuck you, Deborah.
But we got a good review in the Post. "Ends justify means in decisive gangland encounter." And they're the ones who bitched about the Atlantic City job.
'Tsa matter, you poor?
You Deborah-itis.
Why'd you accept this job? Why bother with a shipment of hooch when Prohibition is almost over.
Unless I don't sign, huh? JIMMY says nothing; his face is a blank. But MAX isn't quitting. In a sudden outburst of anger, he slams a fist down on one of the ledgers. In twenty-five years, I've helped you make a fortune, you and the rest of the assholes.
I was curious. I've never seen so many big-wigs up close.
So what I heard downstairs there is that they got a guy, some Swede, real badass, supposedly a "specialist" and they're bringing him over. Now he ain't coming cheap -- so, I'm thinkin' we jump, do this in the next day or so, get to Israel before the Swede can, we got chits, y'see? We're in a power position. Grab him, ransom him back, pick up that nut, we're that much closer to having our own thing.
Buddy Israel, nicknamed "Aces" Born a bastard, mom Laverne chased the pipe dream from a Dairy Queen in Kansas City to the Vegas stage. Two months after stepping off a Greyhound, she gets knocked up by some hood.
Point is, he passed on all this slight of hand shit onto Aces and the kid is sick with it... By the age of twelve Buddy Israel is positively prodigal with a deck of cards. By sixteen, he's headlining the MGM's main room.
This punk is pulling down ten bills a night and more showgirl geech than you can shake a stick at. Four years of sold-out shows, he becomes the unofficial mob mascot
...Wiseguys start to think this sonofabitch is a mystic, something special... and Aces plays it up, lets the legend grow, takes time off from his stage act and starts showcasing the chip on his shoulder.
He buys into his bullshit, building street cred, he's got plans and pull, he's makin' plays, living the mob life for real. Somehow, it takes: Lounge act turned legitimate thug.
Naw baby, they heard about that Triad hit, the work ya'll put in and they recognize the skills. And this ain't no tryout, tap-dance "show us your shit" thing neither -- if ya'll want this then I'mma go git it for 'ya.
We gotta lay something out, strategy- wise. Somethin' tight. Y'go in there ad-libbing, it's y'ass.
Hey, hey how r'ya, Rip Reed.
Rip, my right hand to God, we're gonna go in and recover this asshole and everybody's gonna leave the theater grinning. Trust me.
-- Fine, fuck, I got it... Lake Tahoe, Nevada. I'll have Hugo book your flight, you can be here in a couple hours. He'll meet you at the airport.
Then quit acting like somebody shit in your cereal bowl. Reed just gave us fifty grand.
Luvin' that, rat-tat-tat-tat, clean as a nun's snatch on Kristal Nacht!
Oh hell yeah. We's just in the wrong place at the wrong time. So don't feel so bad dude.
Alright enough grabassin' goddamit! We need t'get over t'that hotel.
We sat down with Padiche, he tried to get some details which we wasn't gonna give up, but it's all good. We goin' check Sis in first, 'fore I check in across the street.
..If ya'll let hoochie like that stay up in here, ya'll must be burning sheets by the ton.
Bitches like that make me weep for what could be -- if we could all, sisters everywhere, black, white, yellow and brown, put our shit down one time, unified front, the force of the female race, mobilized, moving as one...
-- Listen kid, let's not antagonize this any more. I got 'em backed down on the book and t.v. deals. They're agreeing to give you all the after tax profits, so you can come away with some chits and live comfortably. If we push this, they'll revoke your protective status, which nullifies any agreement you got with the government... Now that's mate and checkmate kiddo and once that happens, the shit'll start falling down around your ears, real fast.
Nuthin', we cool. There was somethin' about a fed being in the building.
Girl, lemme ask you somethin' and I want you t'tell me straight up, since I got my suspicions and y'know I ain't one t'talk circles... you gay?
Ain't nuthin' wrong wit' it.
Just get in there and do your thing baby... mamma gots you.
Nah, nuthin' on my end --
Lil' cagey, y'know, don't like t'share trade secrets, that type'a thing.
I know your name man! What's wrong wit'chu!?
Bet'chu are.
In the parking structure of the Nomad.
...See, this is one'a them rare moments when y'ass get a chance to be completely honest... and if I'm asking you what you said to Mecklen, assume the shit is rhetorical... so assume I already know.
You little angel-butt! Grandma'll rub those feet forever!
Jesus, he got Beanie...
Avert your eyes gents, y'didn't see that.
So them fellas were your friends then? The ones that was shot and tossed into the lake? Were they police officers too?
Georgia on my mind wit'yo fine ass. You know you saved this black man.
I'm sorry about Carruthers... Damndest thing to have to die for.
You "ain't"--
Not me.  You got the wrong man.
Outta your job?  What the hell's wrong with your job?  You gotta great job. You gotta desk job.  I'd kill for a desk job.
No shit.  Where is Australia exactly? Near England?
Don't tell me you bin makin' your old lady wear it.
The only night either of us ever spent in jail, we spent together and I wet myself but you never told anyone. I was best man at your wedding and my brother was best man at my wedding and you didn't talk to me for a month over that and I didn't blame you because you've been more of a brother to me than he's ever been.  And I never shoulda let my Goddam father talk me into that.
It's a goddamn wild goose chase. Remember when Commander Powell found that 99 plus probability of sentient life in the Magellanic Cloud?
The 'Urki'.
You're a cold bastard, Mister.
I think that sucker, the artist. But better if it was him. He nods toward ZORAN.
He was behind Zoran.
Never happen to me, Chico. That's one thing I never gonna be. I never gonna be crazy like that.
Whatta        you crazy? She's 103 year6 old.
Yeah, .I need a guy with steel in his balls.    I need him close to,me, a guy like you Tony -- and your compadre here.
let's   go. Okay, CUT   TO 54   EXT. THE BABYLON CLUB - NIGXT                                                     54 .We know this is no workingman's dive when Lopez piles them out of his Rolls, and the carhops are moving Bugattis, Lamberghinis and Corniches   in a long snaking line down the driveway.    Single girls in high-collared silver lame jumpsuits with cinched waists, prowl like big glistening tents back and forth across the entry doors, rich young coiffed playboys in their Porsches honking their horns in appreciation.   Brain drain.
...the     fat guy,    with the chicas is Nacho      Contreras   -- El Gordo. Wouldn't know     it to look     at him but he's got more     cash than     anybody in here. A real      haza.... Their point of view -- El Gordo is fat, dressed like a cheap slob and playing up to a bunch of chicas.
I . . best goddamn lawyer in Miami. Cost a brick to pick up a phone.
Yeah -- but you get guys like that on your side, they break their backs for     you.
Whatta you talking crazy                  for, whatsa matter with.you?
Hey pussycat, c'mon -- you think they can keep a guy like me down? Disengaging gently, he holds up the contents of the gift box in font of her.   It's a beautiful diamond locket to wear around her neck.   Her eyes open wide.
You speak with your eyes muchacho. I think -- you and I -- we can work this thing out, do business a long time together.  Just remember -- it's the only thing I ever tell you -- don't fuck me Tony, don't ever try to fuck me. Their eyes locked together.
Con0 my ass!
What're    you talking about, I worked my    ass off for all this.
All        right   I'm    stoned.   Manny.
You're all assholes. You know why? 'Cause none of you got the guts to be what you want to be. He wobbles        against   the   table.    Manny   tries     to    help.    Tony shakes him        loose.
.What do you expect now? To be You got no love in you, Mama. iAed:, What do you think Papi left for? And               (Xl Gina? At least I didn't walk around with my head hanging down between my legs my whole fuckin' life.   Like Papi -- like the way you made Papi feel. I made something outta my life. I'm somebody and I'm proud of it.
Oh... The "Scavs".
Son of a bitch, old man... Words die on his lips as he tracks the plume of smoke from the downed Drone 166, lifting over a nearby ridge. He turns back to the ruined ship, grabs his carbine.You bastard. Don't do that to me. You scared me half to death.
Molly, the "New York Times" is some frustrated little critic with pimples on his ass who flunked out of art school. Who cares what The New York Times thinks?
Are you white?
Okay! Okay! I'll go. You just shut your mouth.
He says he knows the man who killed him, Willie Lopez. He's Puerto Rican.
Listen to her, Carl, goddamn it. She needs some support here.
Who you kiddin'?
Jesus Christ, babe, scared the shit out of me! I might’ve shot you. Can’t do that. His wife, DEBBIE, late 30s, once hot and sweet, now jaded and sleep-deprived, sits with her legs and arms crossed, and her hair-extensions balled up in a clip.
Woah woah woah. Wifey, what are you doing?! Seriously Debbie just blows right over any acknowledgement of what’s actually going down. She’s moving out, and taking the kids with her. And there’s nothing else to say about it.
Better start downing the Kombucha and pomjuice, big man, we gotta piss test Friday. Thursday.
Pull it all together, meet at the office. Gus and The Regulators nod, leave the scene as “LOBBIN’ BOB” GOLIGHTLY approaches. Fed, 45, stick up his ass. Not a hair out of place on his head, not a stone left unturned in his cases. A cowboy’s, like Nick, worst nightmare.
We still got a tail on that FNG his crew was hanging with? That Alison kid?
Kick it with us, nigga. Welcome.
...You got some balls, bro. Donnie’s ego swells. Feels good. This outlaw life.
All the surrounding streets are wired for sound and image. They read the license plate off of every car that passes by. It’s case proof. You stand across the street and stare at the building for 2 minutes, you’ll have security guards on your ass asking you politely to leave. They see your face again, every Secret Service agent in the country will know who you are, and they’ll be looking for you.
Once we’ve breached the count room, that will take care of everything but the cameras. They’re unaffected by the brownout. They run on their own batteries. The solve is, the room’s lit by a bay of fluorescents. When one of the tubes gets punctured, it causes all of them to flicker. Because the cameras run at 30 frames, that flicker, the wavelength of it, ruins the image. Can’t see fuck all.
Know your enemy. Major Crimes, LASD... Keep an eye out, constantly alter your routine, don’t do any stupid shit. They all look to one another, then get to it. 55
What’s up fellas?
I’m pretty sure he got the point. They all bust up, laugh their asses off.
B of A, Montebello Towne Center. Nick hangs up, then realizes something. He touches his wrist, where his watch usually is. All there now, is it’s tan-line. Shit. 86
Check. Appointment’s 2:45. Got 2 minutes. And that Chinese better be some cold ass food. They ordered an hour ago, over. 109
You need a trink?
Get. Get. Get! Thieving demon-bitch! Amleth retreats into shadow. The vixen quickly darts off with her prey. Völundur shakes his head and goes back inside. As Amleth watches the vixen run toward the hills beyond, he hears a familiar voice: Away!
She used to keep Dad up to date on all the motor statutes he was violating. This is one of the reasons they got divorced. JERRY, early 40's, saunters in wearing a TRUCKERS DO IT IN OVERDRIVE shirt and boxers. His gut hangs over the elastic, but he is completely devoid of an ass.
The moment I see her I know the Gods, while having cruelly endowed me with imperfect posture and pussy postponing pimples, had put me here for a purpose. My heart palpitates. My mind races. I get an instant
Turn off the damn light!
And she calls him "Thunder Rod" and he calls her "Sugar Puss."
Nick, I just want you to know that I've thought about it, and I've accepted that you are gay.
Millie is a lesbian.
What a competitive asshole.
Dwayne, get yer dumb ass back here and take yer sleepin' pill. You must be Nick. Wash yer hands, boy. I don't serve two shifts.
And I'm not gay.
Paul! Who the hell is Paul?
You know damn well, Nick. You've been spreading rumors about Trent. And he doesn't deserve it.
You bet your left nut it was. And as Tom Jones' SHE'S A LADY kicks in, we...Come on Flass, I told you, I just don't want it.
Come on, we'll deal with him later. We got to make our rounds. Together they leave and we— CUT TO EXT. GIRLS GALORE PEEPSHOW THEATER - EVENING BRUCE carries a brown paper grocery bag in his arms. THE WHORES do their thing: waving at cars, posing, vamping. They see BRUCE in his BLUE JUMPSUIT. FRENCH MAID
Hey, you know what, you're the only HIPPY PIMP I ever seen.
You picked a BAD night to mess with
What the fuck do you want? Get the hell out of here! BRUCE doesn't say a word. He just delivers an upper cut – SMACK — to CAMPBELL'S rib cage. A couple ribs go. A left hook— SMACK — to CAMPBELL'S face.
What's up Jim, that's not even your beat?
Gordon! GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE,
EXT. EAST END ALLEY - NIGHT SKINHEADS divide the contents of a BLOODY PURSE. A BEATEN WOMAN lies sobbing on the ground by some trash cans.
I'm paid up man. Right on time.
Yeah, they look good too. No, I got the Russian ones. Oh yeah? No shit! The shipment from Honk Kong or the Mainland? Well I hope they're as good as these.
You see Channel One News? They just ran a big police corruption story. Someone's talking. It's that damn Gordon, I'm telling you.
No. CHI-CHI came in as I was marking CAMPBELL. HE killed him. Said the scumbag cop had taken enough of his money. He was going to kill me too.
And Flass, thanks for showing me what it takes to be a cop in this town.
You’re not being a bitch.
I love that you’re nice. You’re the first nice guy I’ve ever dated and I love that about you. But when I’m being a bitch and you don’t say I’m being a bitch you’re keeping a part of yourself closed off from me. Feel free to be honest and tell me when you’re annoyed at me.
I’m here to see Sergio Roma. you are... ?
Like I’m not gay. I am.
That’s crazy. I’m actually gay as well.
Check this out. It says that the number one sex secret for men is licking his butt. Isn’t that hilarious? Totally.
Sergio, listen, my man. I have done this shit before. I am your guy. Up in Vancouv, I was like the go to talent concierge dude. I can get anyone anywhere anything.
What a wonderful notion. Well, let’s just say that around Aldous Snow’s kind heart is an eternal plane of dark evil shit.
We were like that. Well we ran out of junk so we stole a car, like a Porsche style car, and we went down to Mehico to buy more junk and the border guy said “you guys got heroin in your car!” And I swear at that moment I became a man.
What the fuck are you doing here? After a charged moment, they hug.
Not really. Most people are good blokes.
You are not taking a shit.
I pay twice that for a studio that looks out at a ventilator shaft. Good location though. I gotta move to LA. I have this screenplay idea about the drug war but it’s from the like POV of the drug guy on the street, you know? But the drug guy has these like X-men powers and shit. I’d tell you more but you might steal the idea and then I’d have to fucking kill you.
What’s a boobie?
I like that. It’s amusing, you cursing. It’s like watching a nun do anal.
You want to hit Morton’s, grab some steaks? You’re buying! Cause you’re the famous rocker, not me!
Except when it comes to the female persuasion. Then you’re a proper carnivore. So if you’re not going to gamble or go to a steakhouse, what do you gents feel like doing this evening? You feel like a having proper night out? No.
Like a venti Frappucino that you snort up your nose.
You’ve got to get it out of your system. Otherwise it’s going to emerge like a noxious shit bubble years from now when you have a little baby daughter. Do you want to break your baby daughter’s heart? No.
You’re just nervous that you screwed that girl. Normal stress coming out.
Cause who could be scared of Jeffrey? Jeffrey’s just a nice bloke from down the road.
But it’s missing love, Aaron. Don’t you see? I want love the way you have love. Without love, I’m gonna become that bastard we just spent twelve hours with. I want a lady to pick out my clothes. And not just an assistant who I pay.
I’m just joshing with you, man. I’m jealous. Oh, you.
Me too. You’re like walking sex. You know that, right?
Now look what you’ve done. You’ve gotten Naples all pissed. Suzette!
Well, next time check it out. Also, Argentinean prostitutes are out of this world.
The one on the left ... Rochelle. Invited me over for supper. Pinned me on the couch. Sat on my chest! Had to wear a neck brace for three damn weeks.
this thing up
I'm not asking you to comment on the validity of my dream! Are you gonna take these damn kids or not?
took a damn day of my vacation
I think it needs a good kick in the ass for being such a prissy ol' car, don't you think?
Get your hands off my car!
know everyone who's black. That gets
Get that goddam starboard restarted!
Y'all know how this works. You start blabbing out all your little confessions, about how you slept with your best friend's wife or wore ladies underwear or blew all the company money on some damn private jet when it coulda been in the health plan .. !
This is a good dog. I can see it in his eyes. He's a tough little bastard.
You got no left.
It's nasty outside. You fellas gotta warm up before you head out.
Nice coat, you bastard.
Listen up. Don't lose your temper until it's time to lose your temper. You hear?
Doyle's the toughest guy I know. He was lying there off the highway when I found him, waiting to die. He knew he was going to die. And he didn't make a sound. The best thing I ever did, my whole life, was rescue that black little son-of-a-bitch. Every day he's had since then is because of me. Every time he runs through the park, that's me. Every bone he chews— because of me. I saved him.
Hey, fellas.
Don't panic. Nobody here gives a shit.
I give a shit. Do you know what happens if somebody sees m e — u s — like that? Mary sits on the far side of the sofa, knees primly clasped together, exaggerating the role of good girl.
You think my mother gives a shit? Anyway/ did you see all the snow outside? It's a snow day for sure.
Watch your mouth, Sixpack.  Hello, Shack, Seven, here.  I ain't the hook, over.
Eating pussy my ass.  What about lines at the bank:  What about getting stuck in traffic?
I know all about the contract. The point is you can follow the goddamn contract to the letter and pull your shack duty tomorrow...or you can get it done tonight and call tomorrow a down day.  It's up to you.
Cobb, Jones, I want you to do something about that damn rattle in the air system...
This is what I wear at the beach, goddamnit.
You're damn right I do.  Five years down here and I'll pull in more than 15 topside.  I'm not down here for the fun, I'll tell you that.
Hey, Hazy!  We got a day off tomorrow, Kemosabi!  Let's get shit-faced!
No, man, Cobb is a Chivas drinker, from way back.  Ain't that right Cobbie?
You guys are crazy.  What the hell you play that stupid game for?
At ease!  You both have a half day...Anymore shit and its a full one.
"Routine," my ass!  Ain't nothin' "routine" about no physical check- up 10,000 feet down...especially when we're getting picked up the next day!
Like a leech.
Where the hell've you been?
Moved to Hawaii.
It’s a lovely piece. No shit.
Not as much as fun as hijacking a truck or smuggling shit in a tugboat...
Wo! Print me a dude.
Here we go. Hell yes.
I’m not kidding. If Anna thinks your dress is ugly -- you can’t wear it. No shit. She will bar your wardrobe. Can I have a sip of that. Sure.
You’re so white. Guys.
Goddamn it. Hey.
You poor thing. TIGHT.
You’re not getting paid to talk. Get in there.
Plus, I’m the one who’s saving your ass from insurance fraud. Wo.
Is about to look up your ass with a flashlight.
By getting laid!
Uh oh. Somebody’s telling a big fat fib!
Maggie Stuart, you are some punkins. I wish I had some of that bourgeois midwestern can-do.
Who is this wimp?
Exactly. Well, we exchanged a few words and then...the bastard jumped me! This scrawny little guy and he jumped me! We got into a major brawl on top of the bag pipes and I got so excited I shit my pants. Ew!
You’re hurting me!
And I do love standing outside in January, freezing my ass off for pennies. Maggie laughs.
If a rapist knocks, don’t let him in.
Of course you’re black.
Sweetie, you’re black.
Well whaddaya know.
You want a job in Boston? you a job in Boston!
Not really, Dickie.
I was wondering why there isn’t a place for her here. It is a family firm, after all. Dick sighs and looks sorry.
Lover, swain, beau, whatever.
Well, I have heard that the Charles River is a real asshole. Cam chuckles at that."Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women.  When his women want to eat, he lay aside his tomahawk to feed their laziness."
Magua's village and lodges were burnt. Magua's children were killed by the English.  Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife believed he was dead and became the wife of another. The Grey Hair was the father of all this.
You Terrans?
It's Dave, not Tom, asswipe.
I knew it! I knew this guy was cruising for some ass.
You want us to help you get laid?
Jesus, man. Chill out.
You know, I wish I were gay. I mean, if you think about it, gay guys get laid as much as they want and I mean, we're already such good friends. We like hanging out together, we've got the same interests. Wouldn't it be great if we were all gay too so we could have sex with each other?
Yeah, I know, being gay's no picnic. You got your parents and the gay bashers to deal with. But think about it. As much sex as you want any time you want it. And we wouldn't even have to leave the room. And no chicks to deal with.
I'm not saying I am gay. I'm just saying I wish I were gay. I wish we all were. Sam and Jeff completely ignore Dave.
You guys are afraid of that weasel? Let's just get the damn test back.
Even supermodels get the blues, man. You always hear about some hot chick who couldn't get a date for the Oscars or some shit. Because the men are afraid of them.
No, I'm just kidding. You jerk!
I've never had someone throw up in my mouth before, but I'm guessing it's a romance killer. Kind of reminds me of the time Jeff was doing whippets all night long and put his dick in the Jiffy Pop Popcorn. Man that shit is hot. But that's some good corn. And there's nothing more trippy than watching that foil expanding on the stove. I remember sophomore year, we wouldn't even eat the popcorn. We'd just put batch after batch on our little hot plate, watching it go.
Meeting the weasel.
No shit. You went out with Reanna? That's great! Why didn't you say something?
An awkward silence.
Easy there, partner. Look. All's I'm saying is you've got to do a better job at this volunteer crap if you want to get in with her. And try to be a little more sensitive. Dave pulls a Snickers bar out of his pocket and starts to eat it. Ethan stares at him.
Who's Ching Ped?
Dude, you're like fucking Alfred inviting Vicki Vale back to the Bat Cave.
Where the hell have you been all day? Class.
Get off of me.
Blokemore. Nigel Blokemore from the London office.
Spaz
know it. Oooh,even his cooties have cooties. Wendy
SPAZ
Stay away monters, stay away ghouls. Stay away from Danny.  You jerks know the rules.
Yo', just lay off her, Dad.
How many times o I have to tell you? It's not about Halloween.  It's about being political. There are too many people with corn-cobs up their ass in this town telling us what we can and can't do.  If we want change, it's up to us to set an example.
You mean Tommy.  Yeah, on the weirdness scale he's about an eleven.  Supposedly some scary shit happened to him when he was a kid.  Messed up his head.  He's harmless, though.  Probably just lonely.
Only when you're around to dump on ... Hey, chill, sis.  I'm just doggin' ya.
What in God's name are you talking about, woman?  When are you gonna stop listening to those damned talk shows?
Hellllo, Haddonfield!!!
Damn kid ... this is my house ...
What say we see the house before we dicker, hmm?
Fourteen million dollars upstairs, Burnham.  You'll be out of the hole. Baby, you'll be so far out of the hole you could draw bricks every night for the next twenty years and still shit green.
Say fuck.
Damn.
Hey, she's still a smart ass, excellent sign.  Did you see any sugar in here?  Any candy bars, anything sweet?
You walk out that door and you lose your share of the money.
I know, I know.  I really screwed the pooch this time.  I never did anything like this before.  Break into somebody's house?  Not even close.  Bad cards, Kid.  I swear to God, I been on the wrong end of maybe six straight years of bad cards.  House.  Car.  Wife.
He was an asshole.
-OK I'll meet you half way...misunderstood asshole.
I became a "fag hag"
Maybe it's Quinn the jackass. 59.
She didn't fuck Quinn over. She just helped him out.
Go ahead, they got no jurisdiction here. This is Mohawk territory.
Just keep your mouth shut.
He don't like whites, Lila.
No way. I say we go back there and kick some Mohawk ass.
I still say we go back there and kick some Mohawk ass.
An old casino through the woods. They used to have gambling there in the bootlegger days.
The snakeheads pay to get them here and then they gotta work off what they owe .
Chance! Chance, get in here before you freeze your ass off.
Some white lady.
Put your hands up.
Lila Littlewolf and some white woman.
She makes the Mohawk people look bad.
She cost us a Mohawk son.
Isn't this 4215 Pussy Way?
Just the damn cable TV company. You know how they are. Did you hear about Dottie Hinkle?
He certainly drives like a jerk.
I'm so happy I could shit.
She's a pothead!
You'll pay for that, Ralph Sterner!!
MISTY SUTPHIN, GET IN THIS CAR!!
Keep the change, you son of a psycho!
White people sure are something!
Lock 'er up!
'Scuse me...
You guys better not be messing there.
nothing. Watch this: boobs from behind.
Would that have been with the blue, and some in grey? Brother, perhaps fighting against brother in that war? You sassin'
Yes, you had "Zombies.u But this is "Zombie Redneck Torture Family ••• " Sitterson taps the board. There it is right there: "ZOMBIE REDNECKTORTUREFAMILY." Right next to "HAINTBHANCB" and "RONALD 'l'BB INTERN."
I'ni. uvar gonna get to see a merman.
They're our zombified pain-worshipping backwoods idiots.
got a husband bulge.
Nobody did this. Okay, it's bad luck. Horrible fucking luck but I'm not gonna die and neither are you. We just gotta find the door. DANA
We treated the shit
You’re crazy, man.
A person can. You can’t. You ain’t ever talked to me except to say “shut-up” or “five minutes,” and now you wanna be my best friend? Whatt’ya want, Small-fry? Sawyer hits the ground, takes his sack from her. smiles, busted --
If I’d known everyone was gonna come askin’ every damn day, I never would’ve stole ‘em in the first place. This island needs to repeal the damned Second Amendment. Ana Lucia just looks at him.
If you’ve got a problem ‘cause he’s making time with your girlfriend, don’t take it out on me, man. Sawyer looks at her, his eyes cold -- he can throw out wise ass remarks all day, but Ana just hit him where he LIVES. And she doesn’t let up. Takes a step forward. Eye to EYE.
Open the damn door!
He... he was gonna kill me. Henry looks up to her, his eyes as innocent as a lamb’s -HENRY Was he? Ana Lucia blinks. Because she’s asked herself that same question over and over again. But this is not a woman who psychoanalyzes herself. No. She fucking TAKES ACTION.
I'm never going to see his pubes!
You scared the hell out of me!
I'm not a slut.
I'm really not a slut. 29.
I don't know. He's very...real. And funny. And different. The other guys I've been with all had their briefcases and their five- year plans and their secretaries they were fucking. Stan doesn't have a five-year plan. I don't even know if he has a plan.
You might find out he's a total douchebag and then the whole thing is moot.
He's so not a douchebag.
I used to work on Wall Street. Now I wear boots covered in goat shit. This isn't how I pictured it, either. But guess what...I'm happy.
Make that an eight, no, ten-piece McNuggets.
You're not a fat ass walrus. You're pregnant.
I miss my old ass.
You know what's weird?   I never knew your old ass.
It's kind of like this ass but way hotter.
This is my old ass.
Why do you have a picture of your ass?
My college boyfriend took it. So, I guess in fairness, my ass doesn't look exactly like this anymore, but it's pretty close. It's held up.
It's a nice ass.
Get away from me.
Holy shit, is he dead? 99.
You work for Wallach?
Right but I mean practicing saxophone, not cocksucking.
Goddamnit, can’t you guys knock it off? Reginald, get tuned. Sid, once the dwarf pulls the wand from his ass you’re back on. He leaves. The Saxophonist starts to tune his horn. Plays a note. Flat.
Stop fucking speaking Italian!!! Jack looks at her as though dumbfounded. Innocently -JACK Ma, cara mia -- è la mia lingua.
Set patrol’s Jim Kidd, by the way -legend of the Wild West. Made his name killing Apaches. Lives in Brentwood now. What’s up von Cheeseburger’s ass today, Georgie?
Du kämpfe you pussies!!!!!! We PAN to a FIRST-AID TENT -- it’s flooded. INJURIES piling up -bloody faces, gaping gashes. One MEDIC rushes to funnel PILLS to the CREW -- another supplies lines of COKE for EXTRAS to snort and return to battle. A pair of P.A.’s drag a DEAD HORSE. Beyond, perched on a hill, is a WOMAN we recognize: ELINOR ST. JOHN. Dressed as if for a day at the races, she DICTATES while a GIRL by her side types:
Ya. Vas bound to happen.
Nah, just escapin L.A. for a few days. This dickwad sayin I owed him a hundred bucks at craps. Wallach straightened him out. But it pissed me off so I went on a gamblin spree. Then Wallach got pissed. Anytime I’m pissed I just gamble. Wallach says that’s a problem. Why’re you here?
I never done nothin ‘cept disappoint people. Teachers told me I was no good. Boys told me I was no good. Ev’ry castin director in New York told me I was too short or too fat. Usually I was too fat. My mama had a few fat years too. Wouldn’t know it by lookin at her now. I been payin for her to stay in that place and she don’t even know me no more.
Hello Jack Conrad!!! Hot damn, you’re even more fuckable in person!
Next. Sidney Palmer. Today’s white audiences want Negroes in their pictures, so we bring him to Kinoscope, whatever he costs. He’s under con-Manny stops. Has just seen, outside the OPENED DOOR --
Ah! I was hoping I’d get to introduce you two! Miss LaRoy -- meet Mr. Torres. He’s joining Kinoscope. Nelly looks at Wallach. Behind him -- Levine. Behind them, a bunch of other old white men in suits. And then she looks again at Manny. So different from the rest of them. A misfit like herself.
...Ing not in, isn’t not ain’t, and when in doubt say something French.
Correct, but did you know Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel on his fucking back?
Ok... You just pay them. That’s it. You don’t mess with those people, they’re not like you and me, you pay them.
Manny!!! I got it all figured out, I’m tellin ya, I’m gonna make it all worth it for you, ‘cause I know you been tryin to get my career goin, so once we get outta this what d’ya say I do somethin on the stage? I can dance, you know, I was just sittin here thinkin, “Well shit, I can dance”, and if I can dance I bet I can sing, and if I sing then I can be on the stage, ‘cause -- you can do anythin if you put your mind to it --
Whaddaya mean “dee ehcohnohmeeks”? I’m talkin about the stage, you’re talkin I-don’t-know-what and it’s like, I don’t know, sometimes I say somethin and I feel like you’re not really listenin, you know?
The thing is, it’s ok... I was the luckiest bastard in the world. And I had a good run.
Where the fuck are you going????!? Nellie turns to Manny. Points excitedly to a sign by the door: “KING TITO’S SIX vs. THE JUAN BONILLA ORCHESTRA!”
But of course it’s no use -- Nellie casually saunters inside -Manny, apoplectic, cannot fucking believe this, RUNS AFTER HER -226
Manny looks at her. Is about to PULL HIS FUCKING HAIR OUT. And yet -- for a moment -- SOMETHING HOLDS HIM BACK from stopping her. WE PUSH IN ON NELLIE -- surrendering completely to the music. Time seems to freeze. It’s just her and the song now -- like it was at Wallach’s party years ago. She gives Manny that SMILE of hers -at once sly and blissed-out, scheming and sincere, the SMILE that makes him putty in her hands -- he stays still, until -- finally SNAPPING OUT OF IT and GRABBING hold of her, THIS HAS TO STOP -MANNY Nellie! We have to leave now!
Please can you shut up?
Come out here with me and shake that little tush. Come on.Fran, you take care of everybody, except yourself. When we get to New York, you and me are havin' a girl to girl. You've helped me out of more shit than I can name. Now it's pay back.
Then I'll enlighten you. Where you intel boys fucked up was cooking up this hare-brained scheme to put Jaffa on trial in the first place.
Oh, horse shit. I know a hell of a lot more about what goes on in your world than you think. It was a C.I.A. op, an executive decision from the beginning. We both play for the same team, Captain. The only difference is, you don't have to pull the trigger.
And if this bitch has a short fuse? Cappy, resolved, opens a folding, three-sectioned soft case containing a fantastic array of miniature bomb tools. He looks up.
We're all in the this together, so just hang with us and do what you're told. Now sit your ass down and stay put. Stunned but under control, Cahill nods, Rat releasing him. Silence settles over the room, the men now realizing there is but one choice facing them.
Except it doesn't go boom if you fuck up.
Knowing how this fucker thinks, I expect he's got a surprise for us. Check under the panel with your light. Look for something connecting the two panels, a tripwire maybe. Holding the panel steady, Cahill lowers his head, using the light on his head gear to scan between the two levels, the second level consisting of a series of relays and a softball-sized stainless steel sphere. He scans the area, seeing a hair-fine wire, attached to the top panel and below, to a micro-switch.
You damned right. 215
You are American.
I'm callinq t.tJ.8.t stuuid civil
KARP
Hey, helluva gaae .. Helluva game fellas ... Lots a heart ... Hr. Bombay?
What, Break Glass Arse?
You always loved your titties, bruv.
Whatever.
You were gassing away to Nicola...
Gay?
Yeah I know, mate?
Mate you're a fucking diamond.
Get out of my office.
Loves a wrong'un.
I get it from this geezer... Glen Dowdy innit.
You should go man, see what they've got to say?
What are you talking about you nutter, I was just saying?
Where are you going, man why you running?
I've been on nuff dates. Some of them fucking lovely.
I don't know mate. Whatever they were saying about you they were saying about me.
You fucking know that... back to mine... bit of munch... couple of Uri Geller's...
Mate, last time you drank a bottle of whisky you pissed on my leg.
Where you been geezer, I've been trying to get hold of you.
You won't answer your phone mate, you've been blanking me all day.
Get off me, man.
Perhaps you should phone him up now, here, in front of me, tell him it's all bollocks.
No wonder you left mate.
Don't start shouting mate.
Really? You’re Israeli? You don’t sound Israeli. I’m not.
You’re a lesbian?? Alex laughs. Finally. Yes. I am.
Who the hell is Duby??
Why?... Why?... Why is it so hard to pick up the goddamn phone... This is the prime minister’s office, isn’t there someone whose job it is to answer the phone??? Hanna is sitting on her steps, in one hand a CHINESE KETTLE, in the other - her phone.
Oh, it’s serious. Bribery is tricky. Especially in Israel where you have the Mideastern mentality of giving baksheesh and cutting corners and a legal system run by tight-assed German yekkes. If they can prove he accepted a gift, he’s done. He could end up in jail... Gotta go. He hangs up. 99
What are you doing? You’re acting like a maniac. Look at you... Why are you getting involved? This thing is bad for Israel, bad for America, bad for Jews, bad for everybody. Step away...
Damn if I know.
Shit is a French word?
"Hell up here?"  Honey, it's been hell up here, down there and over yonder! Hell everywhere.
Okay.  What the hell?  You got a deal. Get in.
You are one scary son-of-a-gun.
On the first floor! Where the hell else would it be?
Very funny, smart ass.
You nut!
Hey, butthead, I'm clairvoyant.
Stop it, you two!
What?!  Now hold on!  Wait one damn minute!
Goddamn, Adam!
Gay.
You meet some fellas, you talk a little. It’s not even dating. It’s just socializing. It’s no big deal.
No, really, I’m making coffee. Don’t be an asshole. Okay. 78
You’re just stoned.
That’s a bunch of New Age mumbojumbo. If everybody were their true selves... what a world of assholes we’d be living in. We’d all be picking food out of our teeth and making kissy lips at each other like orangutans.
Get out of the water. I barely know you.
How ‘bout those filthy, reeking bloodsuckers you love? The Cullens.
Both of you, calm down -JACOB Sam, she knows things about the bloodsuckers. She’s been on the inside. She can help -PAUL Like a leech lover’s gonna help us.
Told you she was tough. with bloodsuckers.
Alice, stay out of it.
her yooo
wife have
he look like?
saying, goddammit?
is homosexual, you know. Richard
Where you from, man?
Michele snotty:
White.
You know Dick
Jesus, watch
Assholes. The Audi
it's for old jerks square. It's full -- Greeks too.
they're Arabs.
That guy’s pretty banged up, Mike.
Garabedian’s a pain in the ass.
You can be a pain in the ass, Michael. 52
Apparently not. I got guys who won’t leave ‘til he does, he’s wearing out the goddamn newsroom. Robby smiles.
I just met your new editor, seems like a decent fella.
They got a name for everything, these guys.
I want to be clear, I never raped anyone. There’s a difference. I should know.
NIG~
as she walks awa,-. She con.;
being proud oi' it.
we , me hire tree da.rkies inst·ea.d of using convicts. could do better.
on the ·\va.y passing Mammyand Pittypat, 'llho are
do that., set a. minute with nie.
r i CARRIAG~ NIGH?
Ah, Christ
Fifteen guys quit that day. But not Pike.
He'd zero in on a fella and ride him till he quit.
Fellas lived in daily fear of being Sectioned and with good reason, too.
You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here.
I am a homosexual.
Toughens us up, Pike. You don't like it, quit.
Goddammit, Hardy, you can't just leave --
Later on Childs got assigned there, started running the shit out to every cadet who needed it. But I was our class's first customer...
Goddammit, Ray, we gotta get out of here --
Shut up, Mueller.
It wasn't a new thing either. He'd been doing this for years. Every nine weeks, a new class of cadets, new potential customers. The amount of money involved over that period of time... this was some high stakes shit.
I may not be growing on you, but you're sure as hell growing on me.
Enough. It's better. Please, Lambchop, it's better. Stop. You're hurting it again.
Rudolfo, you dirty pig! Pull over.
Until Thursday, then, you bawdy wench.
Then account for yourself! Do you believe in God? Do you believe in gold? Why are you looking up old lady's dresses? Bit of a pervert, eh?
What scheme? Your scheme, you bloody little genius.
You dirty man.
I'll never get into this damned thing.
Thaaank you.
Thaaank you.
Thaaank you.
Thaaank you.
So much for Nutsy Fagin.
I lieb you baby, I lieb you. You know that.
Bialy, you sly fox, you've done it. It's a smasheroo.
Miss Richardson, please. He’s just being an ass.
My poor husband William was thrown out by his family in Staffordshire. They were all Protestant, you see. Leek.
Have you got enough swede, Miss Richardson? It’s our speciality.
Two shillings for a bag of vermin? You’re out of your tree. 43
Come on, mate. There’s no need to getLOUIS You never have...
You have never seen an American.
Well every cat-fancier knows that puss likes nothing more than to sit on a brown piece of paper.
About damn time.
Damn.
It means I don't like all that grab- ass and heavy breathing with my wife, it means I know who's out to screw me here, and it means that I know something none of you know because I've been there -- and I don't want to go through that horror again. Ever!
...Everybody wants the job. No one wants the authority. Except Hendricks. Fine. He can go out there in that precious boat, and when he looks whitey in his big mouth he can just call me. Call me in New York... tell him to kiss my ass...
Goddamnit, Hendricks, untie the rope there.
Where the hell is Francis Shoal?
She's hysterical, goddamn it!
Yeah, man - I have to visit my parents in shit-ass Tucson after we all get back.
...the fuck? Everyone looks up. In the distance, about 300 feet off the road, is an OAK TREE with SEVERAL BOAR CARCASSES HANGING FROM
Looks like the Elder Futhark.
Holy fuck. Incredible.
No dude, not fuck me! Find your own subject - or your own passion. Because I’m actually invested in this. It’s not some glorified hobby that I’m casually dipping my feet into.
You know, she just got her byxmyndig.
Holy fuck. Mark? But Mark doesn’t move or speak.
Help me find my man and I'm outta here.
This looks like my man. 'Killed a local Mr. Big and six heavies. Walks in a nightclub by himself. A gun in each pocket. Blows away the target and whoever else gets in his way and walks out.
You don't look like a Hong Kong cop.
You're some cop
Never mind me. Get after him. Kill that son of a bitch. Payne has enough strength to bellow like a wounded bull It costs him. He has to be helped to his feet. The thugs race for cars which appear immediately. Payne is helped into one. They roar off in pursuit.
Not you, Moochie.
Queer, maybe, but not ugly.
You do a few lubes, pick up around the place, keep the toilet eaper on the little spools ••• shit like that. Do that, and you c'n keep raiding my junk pile for whatever ra want. I might even throw in a little cash.
Mind your own business.
Folks who bought it hated it. Roland was haepy as a pig in shit to get Christine back.
Look. It ain't the car. Like the man says, the only de-feet in that car is the nut behind the wheel. LeBay COUGHS up some phlegm in bis throat and SPITS on the grass. 38
Cherry. I've spent a shitload of money on her, and she's perfecto now.
When are they gonna spring you outa this joint?
Not if you know where to look. You wouldn't believe the shit Darnell's got out back there.
This turkey picked the wrong guy to mess with.
Honest, Mister Junkins. 1 don't know what's going on. I swear I don't. Right.
He's a sorry old tight-assed stick in the mud...but yes, he's sincere.
Who taught her to use that damned machine?
You're still my big cock.
And you are a stone-hearted bitch of a daughter.You're the fella that plowed under your corn and built a baseball diamond, right?
Greatest damn thing I ever heard. The other employees beam their agreement.
Aw, stick it in your ear, Felsch.
Well I think he's a pervert, and quite probably a Communist, too!
They're jocks. Keep away from them.
Two old Codgers on a park bench.
Damn.
What the hell you doing on the sidelines? You came here to play ball, didn't you?
You were kidnapping me at the time, you asshole! Think of it, Ray: maybe there's an Ebbets Field still floating around out there somewhere. And maybe I'll get to sit in the stands, and watch a twenty-year-old kid with a smooth face and kinky hair try out for the 1948 Dodgers.
Holy shit!!  What is it?!
Time to feel the need for speed, Dickweed!
Look.  Dan's parents were pushing him. Pushing him hard.  He was bitching about it at the party last night.  He was under pressure.  We all are.
Aww,shit...Yvonne, wait a minute, will ya.
Goddamn it, Yvonne!  You don't just run away from this guy!  He finds you in your dreams.
Where you goin', piglet?
Where you goin', piglet?  The party's just starting.
Faster than a bastard maniac!
Goodnight, asshole.
Eanie, meanie, minie, moe, catch a redneck by the toe.  If he hollers, let him go.  Eanie, meanie, minie, moe.  My mom told me to pick the best one ... and you are it.
That's goddamn poetry...damn I love you Mall.
Calm down Mickey!  I just took it off so it wouldn't snag when I washed my hair, goddamn.
Holy shit!  I can't believe this...can I get ya autograph?  You're Mallory Knox ain't yal
Mall!  What the hell game is this!
poisonous snake frozen in the snow.  She took the snake home with her.  She put the frozen snake on her favorite blanket by the warm fire. She fed it and nursed it back to health.  One day she picked the snake up and it bit her on the cheek.  As she lay dying she asked the snake, I loved you, why have you done this to me?  The snake answered, "look bitch, you knew I was a snake."
You'll make it Mall.  Badasses don't die ... Indians got a saying I read.  It says you're either stronger than the poison or you die.  They get bit, they run... fast as they can.  They either drop dead right then and there...or they live.  We're gonna live Mall -- a long, long time.
You're not qonna hurt me are you?
Goddamn Mall, that's poetry.
Hey!  Chief -- this rattlesnake took a chunk out of us a ways back. My lady friend and I are pretty sick...I think we're dyin', but you never can tell these things... so how's 'bout ungluing your fat ass from the boob tube and getting us some snakebite juice, okay??
...always wanted to meet you Scagnetti.  I respect you and you know what, I even bought your book and I read the whole goddamn thing!
Good to meet ya Dwight.  How the hell are my two favorite assholes?
I seen you on TV.  I even went and read your goddamn book.  I'm impressed.  That E. Scarwin case was something.  You put an end to a nightmare, Scagnetti...
I don't wanna talk like those assholes.
I meant y'know, the assholes I grew up with who beat the shit outta me...Anyway, one day when I was five, my mother took me out to play in the park.  Well, that just so happened to be the same day that Charles Whitman climbed up to the top of University of Texas tower and started shooting strangers.
Got an ass on her like...
We got a special dislikin' for these punkolas.
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole dungeon.  But it just so happens we can't see him right now.  Cause he's got a special visitor.
Years ago.  Great welterweight.  But dumb -- like all these killers, couldn't count the eyes in his head.  Beat his bimbo girlfriend to death, then mutilated her.  Ever box?
Anyway there I was just another punk kid from the streets of New York, got a free ride to Columbia, got out of school, kissed some ass over at CBS, and my first pony out the gate I get to interview Sonny Maricopa.  That was something.
Every sonofabitch out there witha TV's gonna be looking at you Mickey, listening to your words. Sell 'em on your sanity.  You're composed, you're articulate, you may be a cold-blooded killer but you're obviously not a nut.  We'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing.  Whattaya say?
I'm going OOOUT!!
...You know.  'I'm gonna just rip off your dress and squeeze your titties.' Then Little Red Riding Hood whips out her .357, sticks it in the Big Bad Wolf's face and says, 'No, you're not.  You're gonna eat me...just like the story says.'
Little shit like that.  I don't wanna have to feel I gotta stay in the chairs.  We're after a cinema verite, anything can happen, truth- twenty-four-times a second kinda feel...Hi Dwight.  How goes?  Can I just have a little word?
Which brings me to ... what I wanted to talk to you about...I have to get Mickey Knox to relax-- to share what he's never shared before. How Dwight can we expect him to do that when we got more deputies per cubic inch looking up his asshole with shotguns than he has photosynthetic spores?
Dwayne...Dwight...One--fuckin' I grew up in a very tough neighborhood in Sydney, and I've handled some pretty rough customers in my day. Mickey Knox don't scare me.
Dwight, will you get those two assholes outta there!  It's supposed to look like me and Mickey alone!
Shhh! I didn't mean they were assholes.  I mean "get 'em outta here!"
...after the old man, we were gonna stop killin'.  The old man took it out of us.
Uh, both cameras are shot to shit!
You got a real mean streak in ya, Owen. That'll get you where you wanna go.
You can't talk like that, Owen.  Mean streak or not, I don't wanna hear that kinda talk.
All right!  That's enough bullshit!  I don't like the fact you induced my wife to talk this way...Put the guns down and can it.
DONNAslides
DONNAeharing
I always wanted to be a Marine. The Marines are cool man. Jerks to college.
Help him, help him. I'm ordering you to help him. But THE MEN are not moving and some of them are crying now, dropping their rifles and sitting down on the wet ground, weeping with their hands against their faces. Oh Jesus,
Not if my wife got somethin’ to say ‘bout it.
We’re grateful to Sheriff Tate and law enforcement for never givin’ up. We won’t get Ronda back, but least that bastard won’t be able to do it again.
The Baldus study they presented proved that in Georgia, you’re 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black, 22 times more likely if the defendant is black and the victim is white. Every way you look at it, race is the greatest predictor of who gets the death penalty.
We’re giving poor people their constitutional right to counsel, Bill! You wanna explain to my son what the hell you think is wrong with that?
Well, if we ain’t gettin’ rich off this venture of yours, I’m out.
What you want a nice lawyer for? Nice ain’t gonna get you shit! Look at Johnny D, he nice as a puppy and he in here with us! Walter can’t help but smile, all of them in it together.
I mean, you ain’t nice as La Toya Jackson, but for an ol’ man on the row, you a’ight.
Man, you met my whole family and I still don’t know nothin’ about you.
Well, if you gonna be workin’ for me, you gotta make time to clear that head, or you’ll end up crazy as a betsy bug, man.
Now you talkin’ out your ass, Herb. You fought for your country and they tossed you out with the trash... That war made you sick in the head, man. They shoulda put you in a hospital, not here.
You know, I spoke to Ronda Morrison’s mother yesterday. She was in tears, askin’ me why some lawyer from up north was makin’ them relive all this hell again.
Hell no, man, you on your own! got enough to worry about over here.
No, I don’t. Johnny D does. Ralph doesn’t take the bait, continues -RALPH The thing about kids is, they ain’t nothin’ like havin’ a dog. It is a whole different thing. I wish somebody told me that earlier... My kids think they got it so bad but they ain’t seen nothin’ like I seen. Try makin’ it as a foster kid your whole damn life, soon as you figure out one shitty parent, they movin’ you to a new one.
I will face any damn body in this world on that, ‘cause it’s a stone lie. And if you askin’ me to frame a innocent man for murder, that just ain’t somethin’ I’m willin’ to do. Bryan STOPS the tape, looks to Brenda and Eva, stunned
Look at them pine trees that been growin’ since way before we was born, and gonna keep on growin’ way after we gone. They been through all the same shit we been through and more, but they still dancing in the breeze. 86
I think it’s pretty clear to y’all I ain’t no saint. I can’t read, and I ain’t made it past the third grade, but I still know what’s right and what’s wrong. And a innocent man dyin’ on account a me, or you, or anyone in this room, ain’t right.
Nobody wants to remember that this is where thousands of enslaved people were shipped in and paraded up the street to be sold. Ten miles from here, black people were pulled from their homes and lynched and nobody talks about it.
His lawyer’s a piece a shit. I was wonderin’ if you could maybe take a look at his case. I can pay you. Bryan never saw this one coming. He can see Jeremy’s sincerity, realizing he has his own struggles to face. He walks up to him, pulls a business card from his pocket, and hands it over.
These fools gone do what they gone do, but if they take me to that chair tonight, I’m a go out smilin’. ‘Cause I got my truth back. You gave me that. You gave it to my family. And nobody can take that from us again.
Then you ain’t got nothin’ to be sorry for. Bryan looks at him, deeply moved.
You beatin’ the drum for justice, that’s what you doin’.
Lady why you be trippin’ like that?
No, Jamal. You be trippin’.
Ok I was an asshole. I can admit that.
I get it. I got it wrong. Last guy wasn’t as good as you. But you’re a pain in the ass, man. Sebastian nods. Knows he can’t argue with that. Another beat.
Quit being a dick, Mitch. Where's Mark going? Is this another test?
The point is, "Stretch the rations four more days" is a real dick-punch.
She's the Mission Commander. Life and death decisions are her damn job.
What? Who the hell is Rich Purnell?
Not a damned thing.
Smart ass.
You have terrible taste in music.
We will kick some ass, sir.
Jesus, Tom, the rez?
Frisk me if you want.
Then you oughta return that surrie, looks like shit. WHEELS comes at Greer again, Greer moves and TRIPS him-- but he just lands on an extra arm and rights himself.
Hey. You really a G-man? Greer pauses, stares at the man.
You can't stand me, I'm old school, seat-of-the pants--
Stop thinking about this.
I’m not bitching you out. I’m trying to solve a problem here. You need to have an interview. I mean, we’re here. That’s the point.
You realize we’re competing with kids from Hong Kong and everywhere! Okay? You’re a white kid from the suburbs without a sob story. And you’re not even a legacy. We’re underdogs here - we need to do everything we can.
Nah, man - I’m already on the beach - taking my dog for a piss.
Life’s fucking good, dude! excellent!
And I’ve got these two beautiful wahine who live with me. And they’re fucking gorgeous and cool. They make these amazing necklaces made from shells and shit - I’m helping them open a store.
Dude, it’s good to hear your voice. My dog just took a shit though and I gotta pick it up.
They sound like dicks.
Jerome Backaly. Shut up!
Really? Was he like... a cocky prick then, too?
Jet? Are you being an asshole right now or...?
He’d probably been up all night on a bender. In his defense, he’s got a lot of time on his hands. You pick up vices.
A slob, huh?
A whole store that sells crap to put your crap in so you can buy more crap.
I’ve been listening to this woman say the worst things about the one guy that I’m starting to really like. I pictured her ex like this fat, irritating slob, and it’s Albert.
Yes, but not by shoving shit in the wrong drawers. I mean, why would the ball belong in the kitchen? How is that helpful to me?
Dyke.
Queer thing, ain't it.
Poor helpless natives!
They are fiends out of hell... His whole life's work smashed. Ruined. In a few minutes.
Well, now that's just awful! If they'll up and shoot a Reverend, who couldn't do 'em a bit a 'arm, there ain't nobody safe.
And what are these queer long round things?
That always means a snag. Limb stickin' up from a dead tree; likes o' that.
What's that queer flat place, Mr. Allnutt?
Ever get 'omesick?
I'd give my eye teeth to be back on a Saturday night, rubbin' elbows like they say -- all the jostlin' an' the noise an' the music -- ain't nothin' can touch it for cheering a chap up.
Gimmy regards ter Leicester Square Sweet Piccadilly an' Myefair, Remember me to the folks darn there They'll under-sta-and.
Great thing to 'ave a lyedy aboard, with clean 'abits. Sets me a good example. A man alone, 'e gets to livin' like a bloomin' 'og.
Not that I ain't read it, some -- that is to say, me ole lyedy read me stories out of it.
Feller takes a drop too much once in a while. T's only yoomin nyture.
Miss, I don't care wot ya say, long 's you say somepin.
Rosie, listen... You 'ear wot I 'ear?
Once we get in, an' these 'ere reeds close up be'ind our stern -- we'd never get back, you know, Rosie.
Back! 'Old 'er back --
They're makin' for them islands to anchor for the night. They'll go on in the mornin'. But don't you worry. They'll come 'ere again. You just see if they don't. You know 'ow Germans are; they lays down systems an' they sticks to 'em. Mondays they're at one place. Tuesdays somewheres else. Wednesdays p'raps they're 'ere. Same ole round, week after week. You know.
Got to get 'er nose way up 'igh or we'll be in trouble.
All right. 'Ang me. 'Oo cares?
Well, we know they've nominated jackasses before.
I have drunk it it's delicious. I don't care whether he leads in the polls...I don't care whether he has all the tools...Because the truth is, he's the only one that's going to make a difference in peoples lives...Even the people that hate him. If Mike Morris is President it says more about us than it does about him. I don't give a fuck if he can win. He has to win.
I've played dirty but I don't have to play dirty anymore...you know why? Cause I got Morris!
This is the sort of shit the Republicans pull.
You're right, this is exactly what the Republicans do, and it's about time we learned from them. They're meaner, tougher and more disciplined than we are. I've been in this business for twenty five years and I've seen way too many Democrats bite the dust because they wouldn't get down in the mud with the fucking elephants.
He's an asshole but he's your boss.
Tell Mrs. Mitchell I'll make her goddamn luncheon.
Okay let's play this out. You're not wearing a wire because everything you've suggested is illegal...and you wouldn't fare well in federal prison. You were fucking her and she told you about her situation. There are no records or conversations between us. And since she's had an abortion, no DNA evidence. So if there's no note, then it's your word against mine. Your word. A fired, disgruntled, employee, or a sitting governor...There's no note.
Get the goddamn money and guns out of sight, Malcolm. As Price sweeps the saddlebags to the floor -Hickok lowers his gun, slips it beneath the table ... The FIRST OFFICER opens the door to the bar. He removes his sunglasses, squints into the darkness. Looks over at the Bartender. Hey Tom ...
Who ya call in', Pard? Levels the Street-Sweeper.
Tell the Buyer not to worry. Takin' care of this fella's qonna be okay by us ... You got about five minutes to get to the highway before the backup arrives. All Choppers now fired up. They hit the road. Price watching them go. 11
Ib.ll is the rapist.
Oh, bullshit, Hammond -- this sounds like some damn comic book -- and the Iceman waits all this time?
Work with me here. We're all on the same side. Do you think you maybe stepped on your dick today, Jack? No ...
Look what you did, cop. You made me miss. Hammond crosses the court until he's toe to toe with Cates.
First time you dragged your ass down here in five years. I thought you was my friend. I been busy.
So you wanna have all the heat on you, man?
What can I do you fellas?
What are you tryin' to tell me, Jive-ass? HAMMOND
Elaine? She married me. Five years ago. Drove me over to City Hall for a quick ceremony. Figured to settle me down. We even bought this fuckin' house. Got it up for sale.
I got no problem with that -- but let the civilians do it -- not cops. Having cops police the cops isn't good for morale. Makes us eat ourselves up inside. And only a chickenshit would take a job doing it. A snitch. Like Wilson.
I'll need your gun, Jack. Cates looks down at his feet.
What are you messin' with?
I hope you find something. But you know the rules. This shit don't leave the building. Haden moves off. Cates sits at the computer. 93
Noth in' in common? She's a cop.
This is kids' Cops 'n Robbers shit.
Waitress in here got rousted by three Bikers yesterday afternoon. One of them matches the description of the guy that tried to take you out on the bus. Maybe if you could put a name on that Wheel-head for me we could cut through all the bullshit.
I'll tell you something, this guy that grabbed me is one sick dude. I run into a lot of crap-heads in here, but this one was special. That's how come I called in -- you guys oughta get this one off the streets. He's real bad news.
What's this chick's name? Angel.
Listen Cates, cops on suspension don't participate in shoot outs with -- Cates? Dead air.
CATES
I wasn't talking about your ass. Cates turns onto a Chinatown Street. Hammond gets an idea.
Goddamn it, Cates! 147
Bullshit. Don't give me this crap. Listen, I'm a free man, Jack ... It's not like the last time. I can do what I want. I got people trying to kill me. I want some protection .
Damn right.
Oakland? All those bozos hang at the Spider Web.
Cates, where the hell are you?
They're cross checking, goddammit! Who the hell knows whether this name you're convict-friend gave us is for real anyway! This gets people's attention. A Big Biker listens from his table -- Hammond's decible level doesn't lessen the interest.
CATES
No. But it's true. Just stood outside. Didn't know what the hell I'd say if I saw you. Hammond studies Cates.
Just that prick Wilson from the !AD.
Just shut your damn mouth and get them out here. A barred door opens and Hammond and Cates are led out. Thanks, Cap.
CATES
Let me tell you something,,friend: You don't understand, we're the real thing, the only real Americans left. We believe in freedom. Making your own way. You know, what this country used to mean before there were big cities and chickenshit lawyers and computers that got your number in 'em. We live the way people used to. The way they're supposed to. Free. No fences, just open roads. That's why everybody's scared of us. Not cause of what we do, just because they don't got the balls to do the same thing ...
Is that- where you're from? Shit World? Cherry attacks. His meaty fist catches Hammond in the solar plexis. BLASTS him back three feet, into a parked car.
Naw. You'll make it. Just have to take it easy for a while. You know, for a second there I thought maybe you crapped out on me.You always use whitey names. It’s wicked. What names? Honky names.
What's a honky?
Sir, this crap pen keeps leaking! It's getting on my nerves.
I'll whop you!
Justine… Swummed!
She put swemmed.
You're standing there, all angrulo with me! What is this?
Morocco jerk's not even on my radar.
Hey, sir, don't try to con us, you said skanks. That's too easy!
Sir, you don't talk to girls like that! What are you thinking of?
They're really white.
Uh huh... uh huh... Well, Rita, if he's that big a slob, why are you even bothering?
To the best damn trial lawyer in Alachua County.
You get 'em!   Go get 'em, man!
What are they doing? They're corporate lawyers, what do you think they're doing? They're busy reducing life and death to the proper position of a semi- colon. They're doing needlepoint. Push button battles. Push button wars. Armies that get so fucking far away from each other they need satellites to tell them who won. No pain. No sound. No smell. One big, multinational circle jerk. You, on the other hand, you're on the slaughterhouse floor. You can't help but smell your clients.
Maybe I did. But don't get too cocky. No matter how good you are. Don't let them see you coming. That's the gaff, my friend -- make yourself small. Be the hick. The cripple. The nerd. The leper. The shit- kicking surfer. Look at me -- I've been underestimated from day one. Do I look like a master of the universe? That's your only weakness as far as I can tell.
You know what you're missing? What I have? This beautiful girl she's just fucked me every way she knows how -- we're done -- she's walking to the bathroom -- she turns back -- and there I am. It's me. And she smiles -- it's like a veil coming down across her face -- and that smile, that's a question mark, because she's looking at me, she's wondering, how did that happen? And see, right there, from that moment on, she's got a secret. I'm the hand up Mona Lisa's skirt. I'm the whisper in Nefertitti's ear. I'm a surprise. They never see me coming. That's what you're missing.
We know him better than he knows himself. We have the inside track. We have the best damn trial lawyer in the city. It's ours to lose.
... You may be right, but look at it from my point of view. I'm sure he's a whiz kid. I believe you. But this is my ass we're talking.
I don't micro-manage. You find the talent and then you delegate. Who knows what the hell Eddie's up to. He's got a lotta fingers in a lotta pies.
Ma, this is New York, there must be twenty-thousand goddamn churches. Take your pick.
Kevin, Chuck Higgery, Action News. Have you spoken with Alex Cullen concerning the D.A.'s report...
Choice. The opportunity to fuck up. Talk about entertainment value.
At least they got the scumbags who did it.
Two old, homeless crazies.
Whoa... Got me! Damn!
Who told you to pull out the stops for Mr. Gettys? And Moyez -- the direction you took -- Snake handlers, Popes and swamis all feeding at the same trough -- whose ideas were those? And then Cullen -- knowing he's guilty -- seeing those pictures -- putting that lying bitch on the stand... What did I say, Kevin? Maybe it was time to lose, right? You didn't think so.
God's your prankster, my boy. Think of it. He gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift and then, I swear to you -- for his own amusement -- his own private, cosmic gag reel -- he sets the rules in opposition. It's the goof of all time. Look but don't touch. Touch but don't taste. Taste but don't swallow. And while you're jumping from one foot to the other he's laughing his sick fucking ass off! He's a tight-ass. He's a sadist. He's an absentee landlord!
I'm here, on the ground, my nose in it since the whole damn thing began. Why? Because I worship man himself. And it's my time now. Our time.
No you don't.  And I'm not gonna screw with my kids heads right now --
Duncan I'm aware of that - Goddamn it Ben!  Let go of it.  NOW!
What's Thursd...
IT'S YOUR GIRLFRIEND, BIG GUY, OPEN UP.
I know.  I know how rough life can be. And how unfair.  So here's what we do. Tomorrow, on the lunch yard, you walk straight up to that little jerk...
The guy I see is in the eighth grade at Prep School, and he laughs his ass off every time we talk about you.
Hey, you haven't quit on you, I'm sure as hell not gonna.  I just mean, I'm juggling a lot right n...
I'm gonna buy him that white dove for Christmas.  If I don't, you'll get him a fucking eagle!
Oh yeh, she was cracking me up. Dishing details of her sordid little divorce.
Are you a prostitute?
Not the French, the Parisians. Please. We are as little like the rest of France as New Yorkers are like the rest of America.
You're much crazier than I am.
Ah, the writers always call me "sir" at the beginning. And then, before long, it's "Avery." And then, "Avery, you bastard." Everyone laughs.
Uh, Avery, You Bastard.
Rusk is State, moron. Robert McNamara.
Morning, Kenny. You see this goddamn Capehart stuff?
Goddamn it, it's obvious. It's the only option. That asshole, Stevenson. We can't let this drag out or we lose our shot.
Yeah? Who was he talking to? Acheson? Come on, O'Donnell, everyone's wondering what's going on. What's Acheson doing in town? And don't give me some bullshit about DNC think tanks. Acheson's Mr. Cold War.
But you can begin the strikes, now. The plans call for an eight-day air campaign. It'd light a fire under the army's ass to get in place.
Honey, you don't know what shit is.
Shit! Me too!
Oh, God damn. Got it restarted.
Lookit what daddy done brung home.
You were in the room. It was your purview. It was your job to make sure Bissel wasn't fucking us over and you didn't do it. You've got the most important job in the world right now. You're the smartest guy the President has.
Rescind the order. Can all the Chiefs. Put Nitze, Gilpatric and the Undersecretaries in charge.
Christ, Ken, you know it's not that easy.
-- You listen to me. Nobody, nobody, talks about my friends that way. You're fucking here right now because of the Kennedys. They may be wrong. They make mistakes. But they're not weak. The weak ones are these 'people' who can't speak their own minds.
Then talk to your brother, goddamn it. The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble.
Goddammitt, I've got a job to do. You've been camped out up there since Monday night. You're exhausted and you're making mistakes. Interfere with me, you will get some of killed. I will not allow that.
Jesus, you rich people.
They are a vital threat to my country. If launched, they would kill 80 million Americans.Are you Tigest?
But Assaad's really nice.
Assaad. He's upstairs.
Assaad's upstairs?
What's Assaad doing here?
Here you go, Assaad.
Sahar, come right now! Enough! Stop it, get the hell down!
What's yours? I'm Tigest.
I'm Tigest, do you recognize me? Do you recognize me?
Can I take my brother Assaad with me?
When you're In Sweden, there are no assholes who get in your face. You can even piss from the balcony, no one will give you shit for it. 214. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 214. In the basin, Yonas puts the cup on his mouth. Teenagers give Zain looks. He stares back and keeps walking. One of the teenagers in a group takes the tramal bottle from him and hides it, so another guy hits him and gives it back to Zain.
Where does the shitlord live?
Where the hell have you been?
Hell yea, I say shave him, and he can’t eat with us, make him eat with E3 Marines until it grows back. Shave the boy. Shane?
Ok, here’s the deal. That sucked, but I’m voting that we move him forward cause I can’t watch this shit without puking anymore so I say lest be done with it. All in favor? Luttrell and all SEALs put their hands up, except Murphy.
I’ve been around the world twice, talked to everyone once. I’ve seen two whales fuck, been to three world fairs, and I even know a man in Thailand with a wooden cock. I’ve pushed more peter, more sweeter, and more completer than any other peter-pusher around. Tight on the SEALs smiling, some mouthing the words along with Shane.
Have fun you lucky bastard. 24
Later fellas. Night, night. 28A
Yea that’s a badass horse.
She doesn’t want a badass horse. She wants an Arabic horse.
Never. I don’t eat shit bars.
Shit bars?
Negative. We’ve been given the opportunity to reach out and make some hell fucking strong contact with our friends from the other side. Job well done.
Roger that. He turns behind him giving that 50 ft. cliff a second look. The Taliban gunfire is relentless now. Coming from all three sides. Luttrell, Danny and Axe returning constant fire. Reloading mags. Firing away. Marcus hit for the first time in his right ass cheek. Tight on Murphy:
I tried ‘em at least three times boss. Nothing? Nothing.
We ain’t dying Axe.
Pa khair zma wrora, mong da Kandish you.
Bitch wants to strand us out here. We are: EXT. MALVERN'S BASE CAMP - NIGHT Larsen slams down the engine hatch. Malvern shakes his head, way ahead of the game.
Holy shit. CUT TO: EXT. CHOQUEQUIRAO - AFTERNOON
I'll tell you what you are. a royal pain in the --
May I make a small suggestion? They look at him.
The schmuckie's right, let's get out of here.
Of jourse you don't.
You hoida me?
We in here minding our own business. Ain’t nobody causing no trouble.
To my black people!
To my black people!
Yo, Winters, how many pistols you got man?
Park as close to Leon's as you can in case we gotta haul ass outta there.
Nigga, don’t lecture me on politics. The Crowns protected Martin Luther King when he was here in 1966.
Nah man, they ain’t called me nothing.
What the fuck do you know? I know I’ve definitely heard them say ‘Dig in’ before.
Right on, brother. Right on. Question is... Can you do even more? There’s over 5,000 Crowns in Chicago. Between your manpower and the Panthers’ political platform... we can heal this whole city. And if we take over, Chicago -- shit... Come on, man.
You think I’m’a pick up a stone fox in this ride, and start the shit with a screwdriver? I had my boy replace the lock! C’mon, now!
They don’t attack me because I’m a Muslim, they attack me because I’m Black. They attack all of us for the same reason. All of us catch Hell from the same enemy.
I didn’t oppress shit! My folks grew up poor. They were sharecroppers.
We got a snitch.
This is the fucking valley. But where some see despair, I see ground zero for the revolution. 2,000 brothers who know who the enemy is. Who don’t need the contradictions to be heightened, because in Menard, the contradictions don’t get more Black and white. Fred gives the man a nod and rises to his feet along with the other prisoners.
Not for your pal, here.
Watch your mouth, man.
Woo! You all save that shit ‘til you get back to the house. They climb in the backseat. Fred greets O’Neal and Rush with warm hands on their shoulders.
So, if you’re asked to make a commitment at age twenty and you say, I’m too young to die’... you’re dead already. If you dare to struggle, you dare to win. If you dare not struggle, then, Goddammit, you don’t deserve to win!
Look man. I’m cold and I’m hungry. Now get out of my way.
Going through old shit.
Articles and shit, man.
Get the fuck up! The three victims, covered in BLOOD and SPATTERED PAINT, make it to their feet. They stagger to the door where Foreman SHOVES them down the hall. Caple heads the OTHER
Or you'll chop off your tongue.
Because nobody's gonna take this shit from a couple Dominican rookies when you go to the U.S. for Spring Training this season.
I'm kidding, you arrogant prick. It's so you can write your family... and me, too... if you feel like it.
What's up fellas!?
There's a lot of guys like that. But you can't let that intimidate you. Everyone knows Dominicans rule the game.
What, all Dominicans look the same, now?
Orlando and Ed. We all played in Bridgetown together before I moved up to Double A and left these fools behind.
I injured my knee, asshole.    But I'm healthy now. You'll see.
Fifty bucks you're still an asshole next month.
Hot damn!   That's what's up!
What's up fellas?     Good game.
Oh, shit!   The MATRIX!!
Just kidding. I mean I would, but none of these white girls speak Spanish. Marcos plays in Arizona. Lots of Mexicans; everyone speaks Spanish. He has like fifteen girlfriends.
Shit...    What about his family?
Holy shit.   Where are you staying?
Jesus, Miguel, what the hell happened?
Fuck you too, bro!
You get a very good time for forty hucks.
Damn right we are.
Oh, right. Tyrone, Sheik of the Streets. Good story.
The pimp story.
What do you want? PIKE
You stand on the street and say "Here's the street" and everybody comes in their pants. It's ridiculous.
I know what;s going on , man· . When I walk out,_ I know what's going on. Them girls that give the news? You know them? I know dudes who"d pay five grand a night to fuck them news. girls. You know that one, the blonde one, talks through her teeth and wears them big round glasses?
You got beautiful tits. That stops her.
He's a pimp.
He leads her away.
Aint been around.
You’re Fiorini?
Play the fucking tape. The tape begins. FIORINI stares at H, who smiles, and points at the screen. FIORINI hears the voice and turns to watch. On the tape, the image of YOUNGER appears. He is in what looks like a basement room, standing in front of a large device.
These idiots have had him 24 hours.
Where the hell is Lubitchich?
Yusuf, we’re going to find these bombs. You talk to me, maybe we could make this easy? Otherwise that bastard’s going to keep on at you.
You got him to talk. At last. FIORINI avoids his eye.
IN THE BASEMENT, the observers stare at FIORINI, as she picks up a phone and punches in a number. She stares back at them.
That’s up to her. They all look at FIORINI.
Back in the hall, with Lubitchich. He’s doing his best...
Nah, man, no.
I gotchu.
For real – this my shit right here. Dawn puts her hand up to let Sarah know that this is a full-on performance – no commentary. She gets it and joins back in as we… INT. VERONICA’S UBER Music still blaring.
Dude, what the hell?
The lot of you – hand-picked by me, with one exception! I warned my father — “too risky a conquest,” I said, but he insisted; “Elizabeth, she’s spreading this filth!" He just couldn’t resist –– the movement be damned! He HAD To have you.
He’s almost as old as you. Besides, he made me start off on the wrong foot. I was tryin’ to explain to that damn lady teacher why he didn’t have no money for his lunch and she got sore at me.
Nigger lover.
The person that left them here.
That old dog down yonder.
(quietly My sister ain’t dirty and I ain’t scared of you. She glares at them, but doesn’t continue with a tirade.
Ivanhoe. Chapter One. “thus communed these while to their lowly dome, the full-fed swine return’d with evening home, compell’d -- to the -MRS. DUBOSE You skipped a word there, you numbskull.
You know what we want. Get aside fro the door Mr. Finch.
The hell he is. Heck’s bunch is so deep in the woods they won’t get out till mornin’. Called ‘em off on a snipe hunt. Didn’t you think a that, Mr. Finch?
‘Cause I didn’t think it was necessary. She was beat up. Somethin’ sho happened, it was obvious.
Well, I went lots of times. Seemed like ever time I passed by yonder she’d have some little somethin’ for me to do -- choppin’ kindlin’, totin’ water for her.
I said somethin’ like, why, Miss Mayella, that’s right smart o’ you to treat ‘em. An’ she said, you think so? Well, I said, I best be goin’, I couldn’ do nothin’ for her, an’ she says, oh, yes, I could. An’ I ask her what, an’ she says to jus’ step on that chair yonder an’ git that box down from on top of the chiffarobe. So I done what she told me, an’ was reachin’ when the next things I knew she -- grabbed me aroun’ The legs. She scared me so bad I hopped down an’ turned the chair over. That was the only thing, only furniture ‘sturbed in the room, Mr. Finch, I swear, when I left it.
Go get 'em Dick. They're sweating now.
You know, Dick, you stick to this-I don't know--ten, fifteen years-you could bring the Interstate Commerce Commission to its knees. Of course, by then there may not be railroads. 42
It's a job, Dick. It's not sex.
Well, it's the damndest thing. You've plateaued.
Gee, Dick, what's the New York Times say? Same thing?
So, what brings you to New York, Dick? Literature?
You know what, Dick?--why don't you meet me tomorrow, I'll take you to lunch at the Atheneum.
have you been with this committee, Dick?
So, Dick, Charlie invite you to his poker game yet? Be's a helluva poker player.
Just listen to me. Don't make necessarily the mistakes that I might have made in life. Think about your career. You nail Van Doren, it'll be bigger than Sputnik! It'd be like a big blonde Sputnik crashing right on his fucking head.
You know, frankly, Dick, if Stempel can just run around and smear a man like Dan Enright to the United States Congress-C-OODWIN Nobody's smearing anybody. I'm just trying to find out the truth.
Forty-six witnesses swore up and down Stempel was a lying tub of shit. Excuse me, Dan.
Look, Dick--can I call you Dick?
What the hell got into
You'd better watch out, Fred. Dick's one of the brightest young lawyers down in Washington.
Could we have a card game here? It's bad enough my wife makes me watch this crap.
What do you say, Dick? Goodwin looks him in the eye.
Inside this envelope are all the questions James Snodgrass was asked on '.Twenty-One'. What's odd is that he appeared on the show on January thirteenth. And·he mailed this letter to himself on January eleventh. Registered mail. Now I'd say that's pretty goddamn concrete.
Television is my life, Dick.
Oh, hello, Dick. Would you like to come in? 152
Fair enough, Dick.
Snodgrass wrote down all the questions from that show and sent them to himself, registered mail, on January eleventh. The show was on January thirteenth. Now I'd say that's pretty goddamn concrete.
Okay. {with cup} More coffee, Dick?
Whatever.
What do you think, Lester? Ready to watch your old man give 'em hell?
She's got a point, Dick.
How would you like Dick's steak, Bob--medium?
It's just that Dick Goodwin
She can't get away with this! Goddammit! If we all stick together, we can ­
Susie, she hates your guts.
Hey, Ross. Gawd, you look queer. 89
Tryin' to burn us, man.
Shit, Jack, we're going to have a fleet of "Caddie" Sevilles. We're going to have a fleet of Lincoln limos. How's that for a life?
Got laid behind that bar when I was fourteen.
Took you long enough,.man.
Works up at the "Pierre." Real ritzy. Ashtray in the lobby cost more than my fuckin' car. Frankie and me, we're real proud of 'er. Got outta the Kitchen all by herself. Did it legit, too. Only Flannery ever really did that.
Katie Doherty, now she wasn't bad either. Great Irish-butt, that chick.
Did everytyin' 'cept lick your wick, didn't she?
Love kids. Can't wait to have 'em. Just gotta find the right broad, that's all. You knQw, kinda chick wouldn't mind me fuckin' 'round on the weekends, but still makes pancakes 'fore Sunday Mass. 39
Gonna be a hoot, man.
Guy's a local boy. Farragan. Grew up on 52nd. Nuns loved 'im. Must've had a good ass. Got himself a bank account. Sent away for new manners. Don't wanna kick into the collection basket no more. 45
Guy never hurt anybody.
Jesus, Jack, his right ear?
Cavello? Couldn't've been Frankie. If he killed Cavello, it'd fuck up his deal with Borelli. Might've been Jackie gone wild, but Frankie came down hard on him about not hitting Cavello.
Shit, that means they've "made" me. Talked to the bartender in Matty's last night. Told me Nicholson hustled McGuire out of the bar the night he was killed.
Well, if Flannery did it, then it's just a guess on Frankie's part. Don't prove shit, you ·. ·- .. walked into "Matty's" for a drink. If Frankie wasted the McGuire kid, then taking out the bartender was~ insurance. Took a chance on your cover, man. Bartender never would've talked to us.
You've got to stick with it, man.
Looks like it's time to kick some "guinea" ass.
Always "carry," Frankie. You know that. Don't even piss, it's not in my belt. You want Terry to come along?
Know he's got it in 'im, Frankie.
Frankie's sending Pat and a few of the guys. It'll be cool. "Guineas" wouldn't try jack-shit on the "Intrepid."
Still doesn't mean shit,unless we catch them doing it. Can't arrest them for just being pen-pals.
Frankie met with this guy Borelli. Borelli runs the Italians in the City. Borelli wanted Jack dead.
Because you dropped the whole kick-ass section, now we've got this thing hanging out there.
Crime control, Robin. Gun control means we're wimps and we're soft on crime.
Whatcha got behind your back?
If he thinks you're a jerk, I'm sure he thinks you're a first-rate jerk.
Put your hands down -- you're on Illinois.
I'm calling the Organization of the United Brotherhood of It's-None-of- Your-Damn-Business, Lewis. I'll be with you in a minute.
How many people work in the damn building?
Lewis, shut up.
Were you a dork?
If you were a dork, you should say you're sorry. Girls like that.
Damnit, Dad!
Give 'em hell, Andy.Bricklayers and whores watching Aristophones?   You're quite right, Henry, not only have I never witnessed it, I'm not sure I care to.
O, pardon me, sir, twenty places more; your hot-house, your pig-house, or your whore-house!
...And dancing asses?
Like Essex, Edward must be removed.
Why do you think Will hasn't been arrested? You or I make the slightest joke about a nobleman of no consequence, and we find ourselves in a cell quicker than a fart spreads in the trade winds. Will-- he murders a caricature of old William Cecil himself, and still whores all the way to Westminster and back.
You went to him, didn't you? You lying knave-- you went to him!
Oi.   `Oo's going to pay me then?
And on his neck her yoking arms she throws:
You askin?
Ballocks, did it! They're giving them away free.
whips off her pinny as HERBERT leads Juliet into the dining room.
That idiot boarder?
Whaddya want?
Sweet thing, there's nothin' I'd like more than to wugga-wugga with you for a week, but tonight's all we got.
This is a covert operation, numbnuts.
The League of Families leans on Congress.  Then they lean on us. Like we don't have enough to worry about in a dozen dirtwater countries.  Damnit!
And a beat-to-shit AK?  Every twelve-year-old in Nam's got one of those.
These guys look like they'd sell their mothers.
Man they got pissed.  They beat the crap out of me, but... it's kind of a tradition.  You oughta see 'em run around.
You got a bad attitude.
That's a crock.  We don't say that. Do you have any idea the shitstorm if he'd gotten back with that guy? If it went public?  The White House would have to act through channels. We're talking ransom.  Four billion bucks in war reparations to Vietnam to get the others back.  That's billion, Colonel.  With a "B".  For a few guys that've had their brains in a blender for ten years?  A pain in the ass to everybody?  No way. There's no way.
REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
Aaargh.  God damn that... was... good!
In-vul-nerabo.  But you get ass kicked without me.
Positive self-image problem all over again ... You are who you decide you are unless you're the type that lets assholes decide for you.
Look, I'm glad I'm in your life... and hell, with an ass like yours, I figure anything might be possible.
Not too much for a big rough tough gunfighter like you to do on this one...
You're not missing out on Dillinger. This punk just stole some credit cards.
D'you read me, Cates...
Damn you, Cates ... Get in here.
Hey, the bastard's got my gun.  I want it back.
I can deliver Ganz.  But you gotta get me outta here first.
I can help you, man, but you gotta get me out.  I got to be on the street.  Get me outta here.
It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.
Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....
Your pal nuts enough to take a shot at me?
Hammond, Drop the Goddamn gun.
Come on, Jack ... you're making me work too Goddamn hard at this...
So what are you trying to say, fella?
No, man, tell me about her.  In jail they got me surrounded by guys wearin' blue suits twenty- four hours a day.  And I ain't built for that. Really?  With the clothes you got on you look like you'd love it.
You tell me what Ganz busted out for, he's after a lot more than just gettin' out of jail.  And whatever it is, you're part of it.
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.
Move it, rednecks.  On your feet...
Over there...move your ass. Some of you rednecks seem a little hard of hearing, so I'll repeat it for everybody... I need word on the whereabouts of an Indian that goes by the name of Billy Bear. It's a police matter and you all look like you'd just love to cooperate...
Hey, talk to here jack.  I don't feel like gettin' number two along side of the head.
Just wait a Goddamn second here, let's see your badge...
Tell them it's Cates, Detective 31st District.  Then put your clothes on. If you don't answer some questions I'm taking both your asses in.
You wanna leave, man?  Let me take care of Ganz all by myself.
They saved your ass, convict.
I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther. You almost got your ass shot off for nothing once, not twice, Jack.
Tryin' to save his girl, man. He's in another world.
I'm a policeman, you asshole!
I'm sure.  Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass.
Aw, bullshit, you heard wrong.
I'm at work, asshole.  Where else?
I'll be there in a minute. You don't move your ass, right?
You real down?
Hard man to live with.
Yeah, and I know Ganz sure ain't no sweetheart... I wouldn't like it if this partnership ended before it gets started.
Yeah, bein' a hard-ass all the time is a real drag, but it works.
Okay, reggie, start bustin' my chops... Tell me how great you were with that chick.
Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic.
Ya guzza git hazarous doozy pay, buddy.
I fuckin' love that! Let's grab lunch later. Windows good with you?
Wife.   She cuts hair.
Buddhists too, they don't give a shit about money either.
But what if they didn't sound like jerk-offs? What if I took this bunch of nincompoops and molded them in my own image? I reinvented the company, gave it a new image, a new name. Something patrician, blue-blooded, something that reeked of tradition and anti- semitism.
There's a specific thing that                       * they'll do - You can throw him at                   * a dart board but if you want him                    * to show his cock or -                               *
As my friend Donnie Azoff says, "If you wanna party with the boys, you gotta wake up with the men." Monday morning I want you all looking razor-sharp. Cuz Stratton's got a few things on the horizon, things that're gonna take it right up into the fucking stratosphere!
Eat like a bird, shit like an elephant, baby!
The quaalude was first synthesized in 1951 by an Indian doctor -- that's dot Indian, not feathers -- as a sedative, and was prescribed to stressed housewives with sleep disorders. Pretty soon someone figured out that if you resisted the urge to sleep for fifteen minutes, you got a pretty kick-ass high from it. Didn't take long for people to start abusing ludes, `course, and in 1982 the U.S. Government Schedule One'd them, along with the rest of the world. Which meant there was only a finite amount of these things left. No shit, you can't even find `em anymore today. You people're all shit outta luck.
My nutsack's about to explode.
I gave them each a thousand bucks and told them what Nicholas had done. Then they kicked his ass.
So here they were, looking for a smoking gun while I was firing a bazooka right under their noses. It was our first IPO, and we were driving the stock price to the fucking moon.
Okay, now that you got that out of your system, I want you to know why Steve is so completely off the fucking wall... It's because this man is a creative genius. Steve's power, his gift -- is that he creates trends. Artists like Steve come along once a century! Elvis! Andy Warhol!    Giorgio Armani! Who knows how high this stock could go? The 20s? The 50s? The 80s?
I want everybody to look down. See that little black box in front of you? It's called a telephone. Now I'm gonna let you in on a little secret about this telephone -- it won't dial itself! That's right -- until you take some action, it's nothing more than a worthless hunk of plastic, like a loaded M16 without a trained Marine to pull the trigger. And in the case of the telephone, it's the action of you, a highly trained Strattonite, a killer who will not take no for an answer!   A person who will not hang up the phone until his client either buys or fucking dies!
Jordan, relax. First off, you don't fuck with these guys, not that way. Secondly, I got a P.I. license, you know?
No! Anybody does that should be your lawyer. What you do is eat your dinner, drink your drink, and forget about it. Cuz as far as I hear he doesn't have shit.
When I'm riding the subway home, sweating my balls off, in a suit I've worn three days, sure.
That's one thing I like about what I do, the opportunity to make that right. Take this kid we had interning last year. Didn't want to be a broker, wanted to be an environmental scientist or something, he had a student loan debts up to his eyeballs. Anyway, his mom gets sick, all they can afford is third-rate care. Some of us got together, made an investment on his behalf and -- boom -- overnight everything changes, she's seeing the best doctors in the country. Sadly, didn't work out, she passed but still: having the power to do that makes all the other bullshit worth while.
He was a numbers guy, a follow-the- fucking-money'er. He wasn't gonna come at me through my guys, looking for a weak link and a quick kill. He was gonna come at me like an accountant would, the way Ness got Capone, through my books. Which meant? It was ass- covering time.
--the whole thing was quashed by                    * our friend the Swiss banker. Which                  * was lucky for me, since so far I'd                  * been able to keep Agent Fuckface                    * unaware of the trip.                                *
We have a joke in America. "Heaven is a place where the police are Brits, the chefs are Italian, the car mechanics are German, the prostitutes are French and the bankers are Swiss." I never got it `til now -- look at those fucking fish! Come here, little guy...
But that's not the Kimmie I met. The Kimmie I met was broke, a single mom on the balls of her ass. Three months behind on her rent with an eight year old son! She came to me for a job and when I hired her she asked for a $5000 dollar advance so she could pay his tuition. And what did I do, Kimmie?
sonovabitch! Hold on a second.                      *
You want me to rat?
Hey, you want a promotion, you've gotta earn it. Life's a marathon and you can't win a marathon without putting a few Band-Aids on your nipples.
Bet you're no shrimp in the cock department either, huh, Dale?
No way. These people have worked their asses off for me. There's no reason they should suffer.
-- dickskin here.
Yeah, fuck that. We've got an offer from Bolivia to dump the stuff for a third the cost.
You're gay now?
No, I'm not gay.
I'm the opposite of gay!
Of course. Everyone does. It's the only thing that keeps us from going totally bat-shit.
Damn straight!
Maybe you do, moneybags.
I bet that briefcase has one of those guns you have to screw together.
Hells yeah!
Wow. This guy's a bigger douchebag than me.
Hey, schmuck.
In Harken's bathroom. About to pour the nuts in his shampoo. But, I just... I know he's a real shithead, but he's still a person, y'know?
What the hell are you talking about? I never murdered anyone.
The handle. Not the blade. This Gamble guy put just about everything in that bathroom up his ass.
Your balls are so smooth.
Oh, come on, Casanova. You can do better than that.
Jesus Christ, this guy's nuts!
See you Friday, you dirty bird.
Exactly. Wait. How do you know all that? 22 It’s all in this stupid brain of yours.
I washed your butt for you. CUT TO:
Joe, get your butt in this chair.
Oh no no no, don’t let people see your butt! 22 It’s your butt.
You’re too late, man.
Gotta get to bed. We old! Joe waves as Dorothea exits the club.
The world needs remarkable people, and you're the least remarkable soul I've ever met! The world is better off without you in it! You're a nitwit! Mentally unfit! An imbecile! I cannot help you! Joe breaks through the crowd, again finding 22 in the distance. He runs to her as she mutters to herself:Fella, what'd I tell ya? If you're not willing to give a little extra, Champion can't use you.
S'cuse me, Ezekiel.
Ever seen this guy fight...? Any time Joppy Shag stepped in the ring you knew you were gonna see some real knock-down-drag-out- fisticuffs... Where you from, Easy?
These big companies, don't give a damn, do they?
The last time I heard these fellas playin' tonight was back in Houston, the night your ole buddy Mouse had to pull me up off your ass.
I don't pay them white girls no mind.
He used to play till the cock crowed. But that ole cock don't crow nearly so much now...
Damn...
Drive to the trainyard, Easy! Let's dump this damn thing.
Hey, fella, what's wrong with you?
Come on, fella. Somebody in the back wants to talk to you.
I heard about you. Fellas at John's said you were something to see.
Damn...
What you doin' in my house, man?
Where is she, man?
You got a lotta cuts and bruises to be an ordinary working stiff.
What ya smokin'? Zapatas?
You crazy, man. You crazy!
I ain't killed nobody.
Aw, man...
Don't judge me, Easy! Do you think I like pretending that I'm someone else? Do you know how I've been treated by people, colored and white, when I've tried to live as a colored woman in a colored community. Do you have any idea what any colored man whose ever been with me has had to go through? Don't you dare judge me!
Drive this damn thing, Mouse!
Easy, come on, man. That girl is lying if she told you I killed them folks.
Yeah. Man can't get no decent job in this town without a car.
Italians are all poor but they're happy.
Ah, Katherinal Cont.
Get off, Fellini.
Yeah. Damn right.
Chief Mike plenty brave...but I say this: We rednecks are few. Paleface college students are many. I counsel peace. Mike grabs him.
C'mon. Let's find the bastard. Cyril sees a trash can. He hooks shoots with the coke bottle. It goes right in, and breaks. He smiles. X
My finger can't breathe[ As some busty Coeds go past him:
He looks at them just as they goinside.
You stay out of this.
How is Dickie?
Of course, Dickie's idea of music is Jazz. He has a saxophone. To my ear Jazz is just noise, just an insolent noise.
Dickie, Dickie Greenleaf. Hello.
Dickie Greenleaf?
Passing through! You're so white. Did you ever see a guy so white, Marge? Gray, actually.
You should come and have lunch with us, before you go -- Dickie?
Sorry, sorry, sorry. I know, I'm late, I'm a swine.
Pleasure to meet you, Dickie's made a fine catch. I know Emily thinks so.
Dickie, you can't even drive a car! No, what we need urgently is an icebox. What do you think, Tom? Agree with me and I'll be your friend for life.
It's the one task Dickie can do on his own -- make coffee.
Oh God -- I can just imagine -- if only Dickie would settle down... doesn't every parent deserve a grandchild? Never! I swear on your ring, Marge. I am never going back.
Anyway, then one day, we go in, I see Dickie, he starts playing My Funny Valentine, and then all of a sudden he just walks into the cafe, right in front of Jean-Jacques, and grabs me! Now I had never spoken to him in my life -- he said I'm going to Italy, tomorrow, and I want you to come with me. So I did.
Not "Dickie". Your signature.
Dick -- you've got to hear this!
Oh -- just amusing myself. Sorry, Dickie.
I want this job of yours, Tommy. I was just saying -- You live in Italy, sleep in Dickie's house, eat Dickie's food, wear his clothes, and his father picks up the tab. If you get bored, let me know, I'll do it!
The thing with Dickie -- it's like the sun shines on you and it's glorious, then he forgets you and it's very very cold.
Didn't Dick say? -- He talked to Freddie... apparently it's not going to work out --
Dickie!
Dickie, slow down, come on!
You can be a leech -- you know this -- and it's boring. You can be quite boring.
Where's Dickie?
I don't know. I don't understand Dickie, Marge, so your guess is as good as mine.
There was a letter from Dickie in with my perfume. You realize it's more than a few days? He's thinking of moving to Rome.
Pronto? Signor Ripley is not there? I'd like to leave a message. Yes. Please call Dickie -- Dickie Greenleaf -- at the Grand.
Dickie! Oh my God! Ciao.
Is he here? Are you with Dickie?
Marge, you know Dickie has I hate Opera tattooed on his chest.
I won't actually, although I think this might -- are you waiting for Dickie?
Dickie? Do you know Dickie?
You were at the Opera? Well, that explains -- yes I was there. I was there with Dickie.
Marge, I don't know you, so I have no right, but Dickie loves you. He's -- I think you'll find he's coming home to you.
He was there with someone. So I suppose she must have dragged him -- that's not fair. I'm going back to Mongi. I think Dickie's coming home.
Meredith's the American girl I saw last night, I know her, at the Opera, she's been seeing something of Dickie --
But the point is Dickie -- well we know this -- Dickie loves Marge and he misses her and apparently he's come to his senses...
I feel guilty. Marge doesn't understand this, but anytime Dickie does something I feel guilty.
Dickie?
Dickie, come on, it's me.
Oh hello, where's Dickie? How are you?
Yes, I'm good, thank you. Dickies at dinner. He's at Otello's. Do you know it?
He's gone to dinner! Search the place. I can't think why you would imagine Dickie would hide from you.
Did this place come furnished? It doesn't look like Dickie. Horrible isn't it? -- so bourgeois.
I suggest you ask Dickie that yourself. Otello's is on delle Croce, just off the Corso.
Is it on "delle Croce, just off the Corso"? You're a quick study, aren't you? Last time you didn't know your ass from your elbow, now you're giving me directions. That's not fair, you probably do know your ass from your elbow. I'll see you.
Dickie Greenleaf?
Dickie did it.
Dickie?
Where does Dickie live?
We passed it a few blocks back, where the police were. The Palazzo Gioia. They don't even know I'm in Rome and I'm not going to incriminate Dickie --
He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie... disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.
By the way, officially there are no Italian homosexuals. Makes Leonardo, Michelangelo very inconvenient.
They found this in Dickie's place in Rome.
Can you imagine, if Dickie did kill Freddie, what must that be like? To wake up every morning, how can you? Just wake up and be a person, drink a coffee...?
Where's Dickie's father?
He's American. He's already discovered Dickie cashed checks for $1000 the day before he disappeared.
I'll try my best, sir. Obviously I'll do anything to help Dickie.
Did Dickie's Dad go?
I found Dickie's rings.
You've got Dickie's rings.
Dickie promised me he would never take off this ring.
The scent you're wearing. I bought it for you, not Dickie. The thing about Dickie. So many things. The day he was late back from Rome -- I tried to tell you this -- he was with another girl. I'm not talking about Meredith, another girl we met in a bar. He couldn't be faithful for five minutes. So when he makes a promise it doesn't mean what it means when you make a promise. Or I do. He has so many realities, Dickie, and he believes them all. He lies. He lies, that's his... half the time he doesn't even realize.
Why do you have Dickie's rings?
Mr Greenleaf also feels there was a silent promise in Dickie's letter to you which he intends to honor. He intends to transfer a good part of Dickie's income from his trust into your name. He doesn't intend to give the Italian police any information about Dickie's past. He's rather hoping you'll feel the same.
I know it was you -- I know it was you, Tom. I know it was you. I know you killed Dickie. I know it was you.
Dickie? Dickie?
Dickie, my God!
Dickie, are you with Peter Smith- Kingsley? I bet you are. My aunt thought she saw him.
Dickie and Peter, that's just too good gossip, isn't it?you corning anyway? of Martha is it?
Oh shit. Daniel
hell are you talking
not gonna skint.
being funny. tits!
you gonna
you over
you gonna they
my crap gets
are a pompous
Oh shit. Martha
Go ahead, screwy! Do it your own way. As he returns to desk, she takes a step after him.
Come, look, you fellows. You spend two days on something that should have taken two hours. One of the workmen turns angrily.
But there's something cockeyed about that joint and I'm going to find out what it is.
Listen, copper, get a load of this. While you're chinning yourself on a bar rail, I run down this story ... my story. Consider yourself my assistant.
You lie!
Then you lied to me when you told me you were Jack Sparrow.
BLACKBEARD
You are killing her.
BLACKBEARD
BLACKBEARD
The bloke who saved your life.
Thev shoot the shit cut of this area all the time. The flights out of LAX avoid it like the plague. MATRIX
I ti ,_T,
Whoever she is, she's one hot chick.
Haven't seen you here before. Helluva time to be the new girl. People are all a little on edge.
I mean there was a rat -- we had an informant! We had big time information on Salvatore Maroni! That's how we got that bastard outta the drops business! But if this guy knows, and it ever comes out who the rat is, the whole city'll come APART --
You're not corrup t.
Give us a minute, fellas. The BODYGUARDS usher everyone out.
Are you finished yet? Loung nods “no”.
Chump leap sursdei dthai pda!
A distorted image of Loung.
He has a wife and three children in England.
You've got brains.
The fat man.
Looks like the gent's interested in a boat.
I'm up to my neck, Gutman. I've got to come through with somebody -- a victim -- when the time comes. If I don't I'll be it.
Let's give them the punk.
Hoppe.iwd so
•cause be sou.n.da like a drag
7 ae~ you k~ep Re~der•s Digest in your batbroam. too.
Wlliodda ya think chis 1s?
PANNY
SlUID"i
Como. babe t coal€!. hoy I
Heve.1 hcArd cf hlm. sec e..ac h otht.;: r,
Ho, l :-hink l' 11 hang around a.
l"ve got ao many hickeys people t.ltlnk I'm a leper.
Frenchy oppears in t.he. spot.leas smock of .a dental hyg!cnist.
'Crap' ... one wants
and work your ass of question.
There you go ... I'll be buggered lady ... Amelie, Scene
You're wrong you.
Sod dash for life.
My name is Lt.Aldo Raine, and I'm puttin together a special team. And I need me eight soldiers. Eight - Jewish - American - soldiers. Now y'all might of heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leavin a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into France, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwackin, guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin one thing, and thing only, Killin Nazi's. The Members of the National Socialist Party, have conquered Europe through murder, torture, intimidation, and terror. And that's exactly what we're gonna do to them. Now I don't know bout y'all? But I sure as hell, didnt come down from the goddamn Smoky mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half Sicily, and then jump out of a fuckin air-o-plane, to teach the Nazi's lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. There the foot soldiers of a Jew hatin, mass murderin manic, and they need to be destroyed. That's why any and every son-of-a--bitch we find wearin a Nazi uniform, there gonna die.
Hows your English Werner? Cause if need be, we gotta a couple fellas can translate. Aldo points at one of The Basterds in the circle,
Wicki there, a Austrian Jew, got the fuck outta Saltzberg, while the gettin was good. Became American, got drafted, and came back to give y'all what for. Then Aldo points to another Basterd. A big scary looking Basterd, in a German Sgt's uniform, named, SGT.HUGO STIGLITZ
Well Werner, if you heard of us, you probably heard, we ain't in the prisoner takin business. We in the killin Nazi business. And cousin, business is boomin. The Basterds laugh.
I'm gonna beat every Nazi I find to death with it.
Now when you report what happened here, you can't tell 'em, you told us, what you told us. They'll shoot ya. But there gonna wanna know, why you so special, we let you live? So tell 'em, we let ya live, so you could spread the word through the ranks, what's gonna happen to every Nazi we find.
Your not just a German soldier, are you somebodies son?
The Kino Haus.
About these Hun swine, commandeering our cinema.
That a boy, Lieutenant. Make it yourself, like a good chap, will you? Bars in the globe. Hicox heads over to the bar globe.
Whole point of the secret service, old boy, you not hearing of them. But the Gerrys have heard of them, because these yanks have been them the devil. Their leader is a chap named Lt.Aldo Raine. The Germans call him, "Aldo the Apache".
Like a red Injun.
Rather gruesome sounding little Dicky bird, isn't he?
Lieutenant, I hate to be contrary, but I got me a Nazi pissin on Louisianna two-o'clock. They move to the window, and sure enough, ONE LONE NAZI PRIVATE, relieves himself against the side wall. Lt.Bicox, this was definitely, not the plan.
The Germans all laugh.
Am I the story of the Negro in America? The Table says, "No".
comes the a CHINE GUNN,
I'm a German you idiot!
What choice ya got?
Well now, Willi, that's true enough. But something you need to know, so you don't get the wrong idea. Ain't none of us give a fuck bout that girl. But, admittedly, if you kill her, it would fuck up our plans. But you'll be dead by then anyway, so what'd you care? And lets not forget that little gatzenjammer Max, growin up without a pop. So in the spirit of gettin you home to him, we got a deal, Willi?
- No tricks!- Ain't nobody gittin tricky, Willi; I swear to god, I'm too damn dumb toget tricky. But
Now 'fore we yank that slug outta ya, you need to answer a few questions
The doggie docs gonna dig that slug outta your gam. Then he's gonna wrap it up in a cast, and you gotta good how I broke my leg mountain climbing story. That's German, ain't it? Y'all like climbin mountains, don'tch?
Look Utivich, you and I both know, if we went to grade school together, you damn sure ain't copyin off of my test. Well I lern't to drive in four hours on a Tennessee mountain road. And I'm a shit for brains coal miner bootlegger. Hirschberg, you know how to drive, right?
So what's happened to your lovely leg, a by product of kicking ass in the German cinema, no doubt.
..the little bell on the 1st projector, starts to ring, informing the projectionist, it's time for The REEL CHANGE. Dieing or not, if Shosanna intends to get her revenge, she's going to have to lift her ass off the floor, and execute this fucking reel change.
Not one damn bit, sir.
I've got cats. I swear, I'm going to end up like those old ladies with, you know, hundreds of cats in her house. Ever read about one of those nutballs?
Oh, well...Willard...maybe this is a bad time, but...I...please Don't take this the wrong way. But you looked so goddamn lonely at your mother's service
Jesus fuckin' Christ Hand to his chest, he breathes hard; eyes locked on... MR. MARTIN'S POV - THE RAT Scuttles across the desk and down to the floor. CAMERA FOLLOWS the rat as it moves toward the far couch to reveal the entire edge of the couch is lined with rats.
I ain't settin' foot in there. There's, like, thousand fuckin' rats. Cathryn moves toward the door, struggling with the doorknob.I heard he ran R&D, real black box shit. One of his experiments blew up in his face, literally. They gave him a desk to run.
Sir, with all respect...Does somebody want to tell me just what the hell went down in there? What was that thing? Ross looks away out the window at the light coming up on the slum.
I know something bit you in the ass down there, but that is one hell of a White Whale story. And I am way out on a limb with you on this already. Ask Blonsky.
Relax, will you Blonsky? T., you wanna tell me what the hell you think is really going on here?
Respectfully sir, I lost two men back there who had made it through some bad shit with me. One was on his way out to have a family. I’d just like to know what we got mixed up in. You hungry?
Actually, I'm on the street to settle a bet with my goddamned stone-faced old man. I've decided to live away from home for three years. To prove a point. That I can live on my own. And to appreciate the value of a dollar. And Mike is right, there, I am going to inherit money. A lot of money
This guy is a pervert. I can tell.
That's Mary over there. She was a mean old chick. She was maybe thirty now. Old, old. Somebody once told me that in the past, Mary had this enemy, a chick that had turned her in. And Mary had gone off and kicked this chick to death right in the street in front of everybody. I don't know if it's true, but I watched out, Just in case. I was afraid of Mary. And everyone else was too.
I don't know about that, but, ah, listen, what you and me talk about, it's just between us, you understand? Hey, what's over there, see those assholes? Who are they, you know any of them?
And they're drunk as skunks.
This cycle is one bitch to turn over. But you probably don't know about motorcycles. You aren't a motorcycle cop.
Oh, shit.  Was she your friend?
Who is that bum?
I'm so totally turned my erection.
--I'm not gonna sit here and l ..isten again t.o argument about. a damn car. some st.range ethical It's got. four wheels, it runs well, and aft.er you've been in the real world a while, you're that car. gonna appreciate TROY
We'll also be visicing wich a man =ighc he=e
YOU little
I'm going to die in Houst:on.
Well, since you're always bitching about working nights why don't I schedule you for mornings, and Lelaipa can work nights?
I'll probably still be working at The Gap, playing warehouses, hanging around, like, Radio Shack screaming that I used to know you, and you'll be beautiful, the lights all on you and shit. LELAINA
me you got fired.
Then fuck it: Let's go to Popeye's
go down on your permanent
I kru:.:£ this would happen.
Patty. Put your bullshit with us.
Fuck the world. He stands up, offers her his hand. She takes it and stands up, and they hug. Vickie runs to them. Sammy runs and hugs all of them. And the four of them stand there, hugging in the middle of The Gap. DISSOLVE TO:Happhy Brffday!
Happhy Brffday!!!
Exit schmexit! Let’s get played with!
Think you’re gettin’ old? Well, stop your worryin’!
Oh, hey, little fella...
Who’s “Yid-nah”?
Well, here’s the thing, Sweet Potato -- you ain’t leavin’ Sunnyside.
This is Jessie -- the roughest, toughest cowgirl in the whole West. She loves critters, but none more’n her best pal, Bullseye.Dane just said shit.
Don’t say shit, Dane. The words flow without emotion... like Susan’s said it a thousand times before. She wipes her hair from her pretty, but tired face. And it’s more than the long drive... Susan’s is the face of a single mother chasing two boys.
Mom, Dane said ass!
Son of a... Dane jerks his earbuds out.
Dude, look out, this crap’s heavy.
Dude... shut up.
Neither do we, dickhead. Hey!
Do we have the damn interview or don't we?
Son of a bitch can pull 650 million pay-per-views for a single broadcast.
That's a God damn hoot.
Damn...
My boy gotta take a piss or something?
Thanks for vagina.
Dude, I don't know. Cause you're MY psycho.
Think about it, Kable: all the shit we've been through together. What an epic run.
No shit... you're the guy from TV. The HUMANZ.
Whatever.
Your ass followed.
Think about it: the federal prison system is growing out of control, set to bankrupt the whole damn USA... Castle rides in on a white horse, says he got a plan to bail us out and everyone just fall in line.
Pretty hot shit, aren't you? King Player.
Nine weeks later Scotch was dead and you were serving life in maximum. Castle's project was shut down... but the shit wasn't a total loss: the same technology resurfaced within a year... in a game. Castle called it society.
I'll tell you what man: this place sucks.
A hundred million folks that will buy what I want them to buy, vote how I want them to vote, do pretty much damn well anything I figure they ought to do.
Neglected to mention: my smart boys reversed that hack those fellas worked for you - easy breezy, once we had access to their drives...
He's a snitch.
Whatta you got?
Nickel rock, dime rock. Excellent shit.
My man, Dudley, he's so fud-ley...
Eddie Shitface! Where you been, boy?
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Shitface...
You ain't my brother.
I know how to make it and market it. But I need capital. That's the only reason I'm hanging out with an asshole like Barbosa.
Don't blow your Carver.
You're still thinking like a cop, John. Forget that. Cross the line. Be what you are. You're a criminal. You don't give a shit about other people. You're just trying to survive.
But you want to be of use. You want to get drugs off the street, don't you?
John's an ascetic Negro; he wants to make sure you know he's not a jungle bunny.
Nobel prizes are for wussies.
Synthetic shit?? Sounds like a 20/20 segment...
It's Barbosa's turn. He's gonna kill the white boy.
Felix Barbosa started out as a skinny fourteen-year-old fucking Yankee businessman in Bogata hotels. He grew up. He made himself strong and rich, but getting there made him sick, and that killed him. So he lost everything for the same reason he'd gotten it in the first place. Now we'll see if you can do as well.
I gotta get laid.
Where the hell have you been?
'Cause I don't think you're quite the asshole you're trying to be.
Get out of my room.
The racist Americans just want to cut us poor Hispanics out of the market.
I am not a prostitute!
Don't sit next to that junkie.
Here you go mate.
Well shit.  It's too long.  We have to be in and out.
Perverts d'homosexuels!
Don't sit next to that junkie.
Here you go mate.
Well shit.  It's too long.  We have to be in and out.
Perverts d'homosexuels!
[Shit these masks are really hot.]
This is insane!  I am a U.S. citizen! You must let me go!
Zed look!
Shit Zed.  I haven't seen you in years. You hardly know me.
He doesn’t mean homosexual, Ben. He just means stupid.
Kids have broadened the meaning of the word “gay” far beyond sexual orientation, so don’t get offended.
Whatever.
Have you ever been in love? I’m not gay!
Because we're the only ones who will ever learn French and read those books in this stupid school! Including the dumb ass teacher!
Really? Gay cops.
You hate your job.
I want to play for Manchester United but I'm shit at football.
You know, I’m not the buttoned up, buttock clenching, killjoy you lot are trying to make me out to be.
Charlie you're such a snob.
You're a little fiend, you know it?
She looks out at the crowds below.
Such a darling. Whoever made you, my dear? She menaces Claudia, her breasts enormous, her fangs bared.
Give it all ya got, mate, or you're gonna lose him!
Let's nab the bastard.
Red light flashes. Means you've got about ten seconds to get your butt back to green, or else --
Hobby, you read me? I said come around my left flank and draw his fire -- damn straight I'm trying to get you smoked, you've been hiding behind my ass the whole game --
IAD?
Aloooha Senor Ka-- Dude, you look like hell.
Dick, my deaf aunt in Omaha heard that.
You're full of --
Get off me, man.
Ronnie, get your ass up here!
Fella in Miles City makes ‘em. fancy ones.
I am a little bird Who sings whate'er he will, And when I am in danger I fling out a pissing trill As in the carnal thrill.
Holy shit, man!
This is just Goddamn historic. I'm in.
Yeah, I'm fine. Except for my entire ass.
Not only are we landing on a psycho bitch of an asteroid -- that's not the secret. The secret is those shuttles that they've never flown. They've done 400 flight simulations, right? Take a freakin' guess how many of those sim-launches worked?
Yadda yadda yadda, you know where me, yeah, I got it.
Nah. Never could see you eatin' that freeze-dried crap and drinkin' Tang. Shit. 140
Jesus Christ. we're gonna die in this piece, of shit! Lev grabs a ROLL OF METAL TAPE -- wraps it around the pipe, stopping the leak. LEV
Get in the damn cabin! fuel?
Ycu're not going down there.
Speak for yourself! You don't owe a hundred grand to a bad ass Italian! 421Got wittles on you, boy? Tell me! No, sir!
And you know what wittles is?
You bring me tomorrow morning early, at yonder battery, that file and them wittles - never daring to say a word and I will do what I can to keep that young man out of your insides. Understand?
What might he have done, this convict? And MRS JOE is on him again.
MAGWITCH
You look awful white, old chap. Have some gravy -
Now if this boy ain’t grateful, he never will be.
She ain’t in that line, mum, have no fear. ‘She’?
Something wrong, old chap?
What’s that, Pip? PIP pauses for a moment. Then, in a rush PIP And I wish my boots weren’t so thick and my hands weren’t so coarse and I wish I wasn’t common! He tries to run but JOE stops him, scoops him up JOE Now, now old chap. That’s enough now, what’s all this talk? ‘Common’? Who says you’s common? Tell me PIP The girl, at Miss Havisham’s.
This is the boy, is it? Well I have a pretty large experience of boys, and you’re a bad set of fellows. Behave yourself.
From Kent. They’re the Kentish Pirrips.
MAGWITCH
And when the verdict came warn’t it Compeyson as was recommended to mercy on account of good character and bad company and all the damn’d lies he gave up against me and warn’t it me as got never a word but guilty, guilty, guilty!
The reward on his head is substantial. Every copper and cut-throat in London is on the hunt for your Antipodean Uncle. It was all your Mr Herbert and I could do to get him out in time 180A
Levoi, Cooch. Raymond Levoi, Criminal Division.
The main problem is, Ray, these people are extremely distrustful of outsiders, non-Indians. Relations have not been amicable.
Different culture. Hard to penetrate. The Indians don't like white cops poking around. And that's why we're in a position where we have to bring in an American Indian agent.
No. I consulted it. We're going into Indian Country, I wanna know what kind of individual is covering my ass. Don't you?
You've been in the bureau for thirty years. You survived The Hoov, the Black Panthers and Abscam. I don't see any bullet holes. That's good enough for me.
I'm a full blood Oglala Sioux, born and raised on this reservation.
You're a wise-ass. Ray check his wallet.
Leo has to take the journey, Cooch.
Leo's gonna need his hands, Cooch. He does quillwork.
Hey, Brooks, come over here. I want you to meet a coupla fellas from Denver.
Brooks, what's a perceptive fellow like you, doing in a joint like this? Let me buy you a glass of some of that Russian shit you like.
That set-to you saw out front, was nothin' more than a message we were sendin' to the sonsabitches that are divertin' water from the river.
You fellas are here to investigate a Indian crime, you should keep to Indian land, and talk to them, not us. But you wanna drink here and shoot stick here, that's your right, and we respect that.
You fellas wanna play doubles?
Ray Little Weasel. FBI. I like the way ya sneaked up on me. Must be Indian.
No. Not just a track. You gotta listen to the trees, man. To the leaves. To this sand, you FBI's kicked all up. You gotta listen to the earth.
I don't have to crawl around with the scorpions and talk to the fucking trees to get answers. Leo was killed right here.
Hey, Little Weasel.
Shit. Mrs. Blue Legs! It's okay!
The progressive Indians don't like them because they want everybody to go back to the old Indian ways, and the old way Indians don't like them because they use violence to get attention.
Easy, Cowboy. No vendettas on my ship. Now: remember what I told you about Nam? Watch the grass, watch the trees, watch the shit house, be on your toes, and if we get committed, don't hesitate to empty that sucker.
We just wanna take a look around your place, Jimmy. We're not here to bust your balls.
-- Leo was an apple, that's right. Red on the outside, white on the inside. And Jimmy hated him. Kicked his ass a coupla times. But he didn't kill him.
That's good goddamn work, Ray. Let the salmon run. Let 'em run Upriver.
You want solid? That one, single, print he left in the Badlands -- the one the FBI missed and then stepped all over -- it belongs to a man who walks heels first. Like a white man. Jimmy has a serious Ind'n walk -- ball of the foot first. The man who murdered Leo walked like a Wasi'cu.
When Leo was dumped out there in the Badlands, he was dropped on his back. Our man made an effort to turn him over, onto his face. It's an old Ind'n belief that if a dead man is turned face down, his spirit won't leave. And in the killer's case, it won't come back and jump all over his shit. That's an Ind'n thing a white man wouldn't know.
-- no. No offense to the old man. I appreciate you trying to help. But I put my ass on the line coming out here, man.
You ain't no Indian. You're a Sal Mineo Indian.
Will ya knock it off? You're actin' like a couple of old women.
Indian walk? You been smoking hooch in the peace pipe, Ray?
They don't smoke hooch in The Pipe, Miles. They smoke something called kinickinick, it's like a tobacco.
I'm not trying to pull against you, Cooch. I've just been having nightmares about the way Leo was killed.
Yeah, alright, alright -- fuck you -- give a yuppie a badge and he wants to take over the world. Go get a tail on Eagle Bear, and stay with her. Cuz Jimmy's gonna show. And I want you to make the collar.
Thanks, Cooch.
It may have been Maggie's way of saying "get off my ass."
The Little Walking River. You're right. This is part of it. So whoever sunk this car didn't compensate for drought. Goddamn.
Agent Little Weasel, Federal Bura of your Imagination.
You're right about the old man. His power's long dried up. He's supposed to be a medicine man but he won't go see the people. He says we changed, and we don't listen. Well, he don't go out and talk no more. I haven't had a drink in three years but I just turned my sobriety chip into that man behind the bar, and this Hoss is gettin' watered.
I can't, Hoss. I don't talk to FBI's.
You ain't Indian?
I read, Cooch.
See those Black Hills out there, Ray? When the people lost the land in 1868, the government took everything but those hills. They allowed us to keep those Black Hills, to live there. Signed a treaty. Until they found gold. Then they told us we had to leave because of National interest. They broke that treaty. Anyone who fought or spoke out against it, wound up dead or in jail. And the people wound up here. On a reservation.
Wait a minute. Wait -- what are you doin'? You ain't a FBI. You ain't the law. Let me see your --
I'm a full-blood Oglala.
You got the troublemakers off our land. Good, Was-te.
We have a renegade agent, Cooch? He gets off the reservation...
No way, Cooch.
Ray. I'm coming to talk to you. I'm gonna walk you out of here. And we're gonna get the hell outta this place.
You're right, Cooch. It's over.
Rambo, seize him, hold his ass to the ground.
Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file.
How many gays do you know?
Watch this guy! Nail him! Ouch!
Bob. I must ask you to shut the fuck up. Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the best of my ability?" He said nothing. And now, Andrew Beckett proposes to haul me into a court of law, to sling accusations at me, in full view of the entire, Philadelphia, judicial establishment. My God.
Holy Shit. Did you, Bob?
What's the big deal, Chuck? The boy wants a letter, to show to his mother, for her to keep after he's gone. Why are you being hard- assed about this?
You're gay?
But you are gay, aren't you?
Do I look gay to you? Relax.
Okay, so... help me with this one, Joe... Is it disgusting for someone to put his dick into someone's mouth? Or, is it disgusting for someone to take a dick into their mouth?
Everybody has a couple of gay friends. Don't you?
You might have them, and just not know they're gay.
It's me, you dork.
Excuse me, I'm having a goddamn party, is that allright with you?
You survived your first gay party intact.
They hate homosexuals.
Pull the damn cord!
You mean like you just did? Shut up, Lee.
Plus twenty-five for gin gives me 60. Puts me out in the first two games. Lucky swine.
Some historians say the first bathroom was constructed here in India. Edward and Carter move on only to be re-surrounded by the Urchins.
We don't need a break. I'm in remission. I'm a goddamn medical miracle. I'm simply asking if you've ever read The Divine Comedy. Thomas enters.
I can dress him my own damn self.
Who the fuck ordered broccoli? NEAL, a thin pallid guy, looks up.
You' re got ava,:y kind ot peat
you a job u a rac ■ptioniat.
I can maka corr-.
whoever you are.
.llayt,e you ahoulc!.
place you'va got hen.
Only on ■pecial occa ■ iona, ltezmy. Anc! thi■ 1■ very ■pecial.
you juat kinda move it?
Kermit vaa right, it vas you all the time. You're a phoney.
nincompoop.
I notilied?
...pore cleansing strips, Advil... 378.13 SCENE 66 - MS ON NICK LOOKING A PANTY
I'm a lesbian. I got to change the music.
You're welcome my little sweet ass.
...with your fine ass looking... 1477.04 SCENE 181 - MS ON HIM CROSSING STREET INTO BG AND TURNING BACK TO LOOK.
She thinks you're overpaid and gay.
Before I came here, I heard that you were a tough chauvinistic prick.
232.12 SCENE 36 - OTS ON HIM.
Oh, yeah. 276.03 SCENE 43 - OTS ON HER LAUGHING.
Say you're gay! Admit it!
Well, actually, Dan, you know I had very little do with saving anybody's ass. Now, it's Darcy you should be thanking and what I want to talk to you about. Darcy. 1016.00
Margo
Men On Street JOE PETCKA
Woman In Chinatown
MIKE GENTILE
Anyway, this company makes a whole line of colors with equally snappy names. Red Menace, Yellow Fever, Green Revolution. That'd be a job, coming up with those names. How do you get a job like that? That's what I'll do. Fuck the dole.
Oh, geez, I'm full of shit. I already told you that.
Yay! It'll be great! I'll get my shit.
I knew it, Howard. I don't even know why I bothered to copy the damn address.
On my dick, bro.
Says you were constantly calling me a slob.
Shut them.
I have to get after that core.  This is my ass.
Commander Bond, you are dangerous, unpredictable, and a hothead.He already talked to her. No way! Like hell.
Shut up, Hark!
So you remember your Onkl Boris and what he’s telling you: Because you’re gonna join the circus, I can tell. You can’t hardly wait, you wanna be in the big top, you’ll shovel elephant shit until they say “OK, Sammy, now ride the goddamn elephant!” Oh you love those people, ah?
Ummmm... Crap.
This move, huh? This, this is your dad’s Glory Hallelujah moment, and oy vavoy, Sammy, does that guy ever deserve it! All the way back when, back at RCA, he knew what computing was gonna be about, before practically anybody else knew it. And IBM, that’s where guys like Burt are figuring out how to use what he’s made to - they’re gonna change the whole goddamn world. So this was the right decision, for all sortsa reasons.
Watch your mouth, Logan.
He doesn’t like Jews.
Nobody likes Jews.
Holy crap, he’s got the hots so bad he can’t even talk to her!
Monica’s like totally high on Jesus.
You got beat up?!
He's extremely uneasy about what's about to happen inside the hooch.
Shut up, Nico.
You give up being the D.A. and hurry up and find the right fella, Jax. You might have time for one of these yourself.
You're one crazy bastard, Toscani. Nico opens the rear door, helps Jackson ease Lucy in.
That's why I'm a shitheel cop.
I'm takin' it home t'a make kilbasa, boss.
All right. Everyone get their heads outa their ass.
But you're gonna put Jackson's ass in a sling, too, with these illegal wires.
What's the story on your partner, Jackson? Did he learn this style or was he born with a brick up his ass? Jackson checks Halloran out. He's black too and, despite herself, there's a certain rapport.
'Cuse me, sir. Can I bum a light? Nico slows, eyeing the   guy dubiously. As he reaches to his jacket -- The side   door of the van flashes open. A .38 is leveled straight   at Nico's head. Instantly three other Latino hoods leap   to the sidewalk.
-- You know what a crazy bastard Fox is. He gets drunk and forgets he's halfway around the world. He calls me. Nico gives her a squeeze and a smile.
The last six years I've been risking nothing but money. It's a kick to risk my ass again.
Altshuler. Cosgrove. I know half these guys --
You call Nico's goddamn Uncle and find out if he's heard anything.
You just shutup and take it easy, pal.
thru                                                                 * 360                                                                  *
What are those madcaps upto?
Damn exhibitionist!
These idiots will never change.
DJ stop it yaar, just shut up or get out.
At least in the campus I’m someone. People know me. DJ’s a somebody. People expect me to do something big in life. But when I’m out on the streets. I’ll just be like the rest of the slobs in this country. Nameless. Faceless. Scared. Just walking the streets...
Shut up and eat your parantha.
I give a shit. People like Ajay who fight for their country, give a shit. So that people like you can sleep peacefully.
She’s talking about the past, you’re thinking about the future. One foot in the past and one foot in the future, that’s why we’re pissing on the present.
Karan, it’s easy to be an arm-chair critic. Blaming others is even easier. If there are problems, why don’t you go out there and change things? Take a stand. Join politics, the police force, government and clean it up. But you won’t! I’ll tell you why. Because you don't want to dirty your hands sticking it into the shit-hole.
You! Get going! We don’t want to kill any Indian.
Sukhi, shut up!
War isn't a CNN Special. Half the shit that went on couldn't be tidied into a top of the hour headline -- either 'cause it couldn't be said neatly or 'cause it couldn't be said at all. It was ugly. And they don't put ugly on TV. [Looking at Starks] If Starks did kill that officer ... [Beat] You can't hold a man responsible for a damaged mind.
Shit happens, and your life changes. 'Bout the best explanation of a lot of things that happen. [Beat] So how come you don't know where you're coming from?
That's right! Goddamn, you're the spitting image. I didn't know he had a son.
'I heard you're not ready yet.' 'We're gonna kick your ass.' Well, we may be behind schedule, but we're still going to beat that sonofabitch and maybe I haven't scored with Natalie yet, but neither has he. She's not an easy lay, that's what I like about her. You know what they say: it ain't over till it's over. Peter and Michael go into the living room. Peter is picking up glasses. Michael is emptying ashtrays into the wastebasket.
No, it is Clementine, the one with the tits this big...
Christie's got tits that big, too...
Damn right!
Start the bike. Punk #2 is about to get on the motorcycle.   Peter stops him.
Thanks, guys. Punk #1 gives him a dirty look.
... Because I can't, that's all!... NO, this has nothing to do with chasing ass! Jerry... Jerry! Will you stop screaming for a minute and listen? I'm in trouble, you understand? Deep trouble... I
They know the punks were here looking for the dope and that they probably didn't find it. So that means we've still got it.
Hello? Who? Goddamn it, where are you?...
His nerves! Ha. Ha. Ha. His nerves! Michael, his nerves! You wanna talk about nerves! Then just shut up and listen. It so happens we don't want a kid here either, but when someone dumps one on us, we take goddamn care of it.
Yeah, we take goddam care of it.
In the b.g., in the hall, Jack, also still in his punk getup, is on the phone. He's got a glass in his hand and is a little smashed.
There are three of us sharing this place and we're all real studs.
Right... Bratsnot, lemme tell you something. With a child you always know who the mother is, but the father -- that's another kettle of fish. So don't give me that bullshit, okay?
Oh shit -- the guests...
Peter! Peter, goddamit, get out here! Peter comes back in with Jack.
At least that way things would have been clearer to begin with, y'see. They wouldn't have made us believe that somebody could come out of our rib, y'know? 'Cause nothing ever comes out of our rib, y'know? Ever. Only out of our prick, and even then ... Everything still has to be done after that.
Yeah, tell me about it! Finding time to take her to the park every day is a real bitch!Goddamnit Harold! I spent all day yesterday washing your clothes and look what you're doing to 'em. Shows how much you care about me. Harold watches her from under the pile of laundry. Then he grabs the radio, staggers up, increasing the radio's volume as he does so, to drown out the voice of his wife.
I beg your pardon, I'm not an asshole. I'm an actor.
That's the way it is, man. Cellars are dark.
Holy shit!!!
How about you and I whacking a couple of balls around?
gay
They you They know
If you're you re really why don't
You Ha Can t be. be recruiting this wet-behind-the-ears wet behind the ears army was yesterday. yesterday army punk like it was Frank can't can t help but smile. smile What'd What d you you do? do next next door? door
don t know know her. her
Where Where are you you taking her? her
Trust me, you me Marvin's Marvin s the guy guy you want want watching watching your your back when when everything everything goes to hell. hell
They They had me fly fly this guy guy out there from the gulf. Middle of the night. gulf night Hairy Hairy little airstrip in the middle of nowhere. He picked up a package nowhere and we we flew flew back out. out
So you're you re in? in
in saying. saying Arriving beside Frank and Marvin, Marvin Sarah hands out candy candy to the fellas. She looks between fellas between them. them
SIX TACTICAL BADASSES in body
It ain't ain t over till it's it s over. over
I try not to say fuck or shit.
You're my brother, asshole. You're supposed to annoy the shit out of me. They hug. Happy to see each other.
Forget the old man's psycho shit. This is my job. We're not cowboys, nobody's gonna shoot up anything. Will should still go. But he hesitates -- he's torn. Danny sees that. He puts his hand on his brother's shoulder.
Botched robbery. INT. FIRST NATIONAL PARKING GARAGE Mark appears with his shotgun aimed. He cuts angles while he moves, clearing each opening. He stops, there's someone on the ground. Oh fuck! It's ZACH and he's lying in a POOL OF BLOOD. MARK
Relax, they just saved our asses.
I'm not defensive. I just want to pre-empt that little prick. I need that chair; then I 1 ll feel like this Cheslav thing is behirid
I was trying to save her damn life! Washburr. gestures: calm down. himself.
going to be dead
girls who're
mess around,
Russ said." What a wuss.
IT DOESN'T CAREHOWBIG THE CRUMBIS.
Eggheads. They're the under pressure.
So when you say to me, hey, I don't think we should be doin' this. I gotta say, uhhuh. I don't think we should be doin' this neither. But we ain't gonna get a move on in this world layin' in the sun, lickin' our ass all day. We men. I mean, you a woman, but we man.
That said ... you tell me. What'chu wanna do with your life?
Shit. I know who Skinny is. We go back in the day. Boy was hustlin' his underground tapes down at the drive-in out the back of his Cutlass.
He big time now ... but he still Memphis, you know. He and his brother Tigga hook up with they friends every July. I shut the place down, make it all private for them and they buy up my stock. No shit. They clean me out. D.Jay is suddenly preoccupied. His expression turns serious,
It's like I say, you can't be picky on a Wednesday. You gotta take what they slangin'.
I'd a left 'em in the car but Nola saw y'all got a window cooler. She sniffs out window units like a bloodhound bitch, I'm tellin' you. (turns to Yevette} I meant that as a complement.
She don't want to know nothin' kitchen do.
Shit, baby, you're my operation. You what they call my primary investor. Making all this shit happen one trick at a time. Nola looks out the window, discouraged. D.Jay notices. He turns her face toward him. He gently touches her face.
I don't think this guy wants no weed.
Oh. I had to renew my driver's license today. I just decided, fuck it. I'm dressing up for this one. Shouldn't have gone with the white shirt, though. It bleeds in with the background. My head looks like it's floating in a tub of milk.
Naw. I got this shit all mapped out. This my agenda, see? Look it. Three years from now we gotta win a Grarmny.
Way you been takin' care of me and
Ain't been lit like this in long time ... I don't know if I should be ... is that Crown? Oooo. Breakin' out the good shit. Pass that on over. Outside, Nola and Shelby watch the cars roll by slowly - the nightly mating ritual.
Short for 800 megahertz. It's one of the lowest audible bass beats you can make. I'm talkin' serious, hoopty shakin' shit. It's that ... He demonstrates, tapping a square that creates a low "Boom" that shakes the walls.
We gotta lay something down. Anything. Even if it's shit. Like I been saying, the way to completion is in layers.
Well that's the wonder of audio tape, D. You can just tape right over the shit. There is a silence that hurts. D.Jay stands up.
We workin' now, Gal. What'chu want? SHUG
You know it's hard out here for a pimp. When ya tryin' to get the money for the rent. With the Cadillac and gas money spent. Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin' ship.
You know it's hard out here for a pimp. When ya tryin' to get the money for the rent. With the Cadillac and gas money spent. Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin' ship.
You know it's hard out here for a pimp. When ya tryin' to get the money for the rent. With the Cadillac and gas money spent. Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin' ship.
You know it's hard out here for a pimp. When ya tryin' to get the money for the rent. With the Cadillac and gas money spent. Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin' ship. Shelby barks at Key as D.Jay and Shug remain locked into each others eyes. This is his girl.
Uh-uh. Naw. Y'all take that shit up to your own yards. Go play somewhere's else. A brave boy squirts D.Jay in the side of the head and bursts into laughter. D.Jay grips the dying tree in his front yard and rips a switch off.
Hey fellas?
In two years, way I figure, Skinny gonna be wantin' my autograph. Cuz that's when I go platinum. Me. D.Jay ... D.Jay looks at a Skinny Black CD Release poster on Arnel's wall.
This was my Daddy's. Ain't much shine on it but ... you know, in the day, this was the shit. He worked for the school district ... he fixed up all them school buses. Yeah?
He gonna be there all night, Key.
WHO THE FUCK IS THAT? D.Jay and Arnel freeze as the group separates and stares back at them. Sitting at the table wearing black, bottle-rimmed sunglasses, camouflage designer threads, and a mouth full of platinum, is none other than SKINNY BLACK. D.Jay was right - he's not that big.
D.J.? D.J. what? Like D.J., like short fo'somethin' D.J.? Or you sayin' like you a
Every time I come to Memphis, my boys hook me up wit some dirt weed, taste like they grown it out the ass a'some redneck. But my boy Arnel say you slangin' the prime. Realizing now, what he is referring to, D.Jay reaches in his pocket and pulls out the prime pot. He hands it over to Skinny Black, but the man in the Yellow Jacket grabs it first.
Hey, Skinny? Man, I wanna ask you sornethin'.
I remember when you started cuttin' that underground shit ... it just flew through Memphis. Like a typhoon. I couldn't walk my ass down half a block without the pavement crumblin' under my feet from some Cacti boomin' with yo tracks out the back.
You know, I cut that motherfucker myself. In my mommas laundry room, man. It raw as hell but I put everything I had in that. Made my own covers with magic marker.
My nigga.
Skinny •.. you .ain't gotta explain shit. You do what Skinny Black wants to do and Memphis'll be there for you. Like you was here for us back in the day. D.Jay removes an old cassette tape and slides it across the table to Skinny Black. Skinny looks down to see his old underground tape. He colored his own name like a graffiti tag. It is over a decade old. Skinny carefully picks it up and, to the wonder of all around, removes his shades.
You stand behind yo' product?
So I call up my crew. I say, "pick me up." Cuz I knew they only one place these fools go cruisin' in my hot ride.
Not tonight, Tigga.
Disc Jockeys, baby. Get ya ass off the track and get our shit some play. Put it in their hands, baby. Make 'em play it!
I got a stack of demos in the car. Tell Key and Shelby to get that shit on disc. In two weeks I wanna hear my music in the yard at 201. You in charge Nola. Say it.
What'chu talkin' about?
You just scldier.
you this wou.ld be
·011 yeah, right. The Orphans. I.beard about you guys. Our Youth Worker tallcs about you cats all the time ••• Boy, those Youth Workers, pain in the ass •••
Must be because they're of you, man.
You gonna
MEBCY'.
Southerner with a cuttin9 tongue. DON CHERRY, 24, the head of programming. The enthusiasm of a shipwreck survivor who has just reached shore. And dresses that way. Meredith a bitch.
she come from?
He sent you rnacadamia nuts? SANDERS
makes a fat
him one hundred per cent. LEWYN
you. Jesus. What does she look like?
I'm not sure l: see the! relewmce of this witness.
to it a co11ple of times, you know, with my girlfriend
These things are so goddarn complicated
know where you got
Do you know what a Dijon Culverin is?
Hey, my friend!  I'm glad to see your ugly damn face again!
Damn right!
Oh shit!  Jeanne... don't die!
There is only one king of France and that's our liege Lord Henry the Sixth!  It is written in black and white in the Treaty of Troyes -- that you French bastards signed!
What's he done?! What hasn't he done? He's bedded six of my whores and finished off three casks of mead--and he hasn't paid so much as a silver piece for it.
He's a stubborn ass.
She was taken away by Fariq.
I will say this for you, barbarian. You are hard to kill.Now, let's see if you can defend yourself. You sweat from a baboon's balls. AKEEM
S'cuse me if I was brusque. Sometimes we get boo-boos in here without a dollar to their name. But obviously you gentlemen came in on another boat. AKEEM
The whole fifth floor is nothing but junkies and whores. Come on, I'll show you. As Akeem and Semmi walk up the stairs, we see that the sidewalk behind them is bare. The entire mountain of luggage is gone.
You must be outta your damn mind! Joe Louis is the baddest fighter that ever lived Akeem and Semmi enter.
He beat Joe Louis' ass.
You know, a lot of men are put off by women that are into rap.
My name is Peaches And I'm the best! All the D.J.'s Want to suck my breasts!
I am Akeem.
Well, I'm a barber ..• so you didn't hear me say this ..• but I ain't never seen a lady ball a guy because his hair look good. This an American chick? Yes.
Somebody's messin' around.
Yes! Stick him! That's my man!!
Get away, Spike. That damn dog never liked me.
Joe Louis would mop the floor with his ass. Compared to Joe, Mike Tyson hits like a girl.
You may enter! The door bursts open and the royal procession enters. The Landlord's jaw drops as he sees the King. For all he knows, this could be an apparition. Holy shit.
One time, I fell while trying to hop a fence and she came running over and was like, Did you hurt your penis? Eleanor cracks up.
Yeah, crooked ass Joe Glaser. He was there with my husband Monroe. Billie finishes singing ALL OF ME.
It’s a damn circus act in here. Nobody pays attention to him.
NO! I want to sing the damn song. The club advertises it and people want to hear it.
What do you expect us to do? Run from him? He’s a FED. We’re trying to protect your ass.
Joe Guy, I came down here for you to save my ass. JOE GUY, 20s, black, young and recklessly handsome unstraps his belt tied around his arm. He’s already shot up. He grabs for his trumpet. Plays a killer tune. Billie hums along. She smiles. He makes her happy.
BILLIE
You don’t got a girl?
We got to get the hell out of here Lady.
You’re my hero, man. All of ours. You are paving the way. Hoover and them white boys better get ready. Can’t nobody do it better than a colored man if we get the opportunity. Off Jimmy’s smile. 28
They’re using you. It’s not just about the drugs. They don’t want her singing that song. But if she don’t sing it, who will? Ain’t no other Negro star bold enough to. She’s singing it for all of us. B32
Look at you. Even in prison, the most beautiful woman in the world. Billie half smiles back.
Get out of here man. 50
Bobby Tucker swears this John Levy cat got the hookups. All eyes are on Billie as they walk thru the club.
I’ll follow you to the moon and back. And train that dog for you for free. I vote we ditch these snow bunnies and get into some black shit. Oh God! 57
Levy, shut up. You’re already married.
Where’s my shit Sam?
Quiet down a second.  I want you all to know that those pikers at the NASD are finally off our ass.  JT Marlin once again has unlimited trading authorization.  I told you guys, you can't keep a good man down.
Holy shit, would you listen to this kid.
So now that you know what's possible, let me tell you what's required.  You are required to work your ass off.  We want winners, not pikers.  A piker is someone who walks at the bell.  A piker asks how much vacation time he gets in the first year.  See, people work here to become filthy rich.  No other reason.  That's it.  You want vacation time?  Go teach third grade public school.
Your friends are shit.  You're gonna tell them you made twenty-five thousand last month and they're not going to believe you.  Fuck them!  Your parents don't like the life you lead?  Fuck you Mom and Dad!  As a trainee you will be building a foundation for yourself. Think of it as the foundation to a building.  Right?  Gotta build the foundation before you can put up your skyscraper.  You know what I built?
Right.  Always -- Be -- Closing. That's the attitude you need.  Always be closing Seth.  Telling's not selling.  Now there's two rules you need to know as a trainee.  The rest will come later.  Number one, we do not pitch the bitch here.
Yo.  I thought this shit was a broker hangout.  Merryl Lynch, Solomon Bros, the big dicks.
Yeah right.  And I'm a black Negro.
I love doctors, man.  All that money and not a clue what to do with it. Fucking rollovers.  Hold onto your ankles, Doc, here comes the love.
Last commission month a kid on Jim's team wrote a million dollar ticket. Stock was down three and a half points by settlement.  Fucking kid took a one quarter million dollar hit.  Besides, first sale just whets the appetite.  If he's a whale, which it looks like he is, then I'll get him on a day when there's a real rip.
Oh shit, we got a player.
These guys are no joke.  They get tanked up, throw a quick fist.  And then some of them actually like it. Like Richie.  He probably thought I was being tough back there, just staring at that guy.  I was shitting my pants.
I want to talk to you about appearance. Most of you dress like shit.  I don't know what your financial situation is like right now but you need to buy at least one decent suit.  There is a minimum level of aesthetic professionalism that we have here.  In a couple of months you'll be able to outfit your whole closet, but for now just get something to hold you over. There's an important phrase that we use here and I think it's time you all learned it.  "Act as if".  Do you understand what that means?  Act as if you are the fucking president of this firm.  Act as if you have a nine inch cock.  Act as if.  To do this properly you need to at least look the part.  So go get dressed.  Secondly, it's time to get your Series Seven books.  No need to get nervous.  If you study you'll pass.  Then you begin trading as an SEC licensed broker.  Then you're a fucking millionaire.  It's that simple.  I need three hundred from each of you for the books which will be returned if and when you pass the exam.  And I'll need that tomorrow.
Hey!  You got a conoli you can stick in your mouth.
You want to sell me a paper right? Well you guys call me every Saturday and I get the same half-assed attempt. You wanna close me?  Then sell me.
You da slut.
Well, I was thinking that we should go into the city.  You guys are always drinking at those shitty local bars.  I say we go to a decent bar with decent poo-poo.  If I have to look at one more housewife smoking a Newport I'm gonna fucking puke.
That's it right there, baby.  That's where I'm gonna be next year.  I'm gonna get me a phat space in Tribeca. Then all you punks can come see what real living is.
Oh shit.  They're giving us the phattest table in the place.
I remember when I was cold calling, the shit I'd do.  I'd get on the phone and say, Can I speak to Jim?  Secretary's like, I'm sorry, but Jim isn't in the office.  I'd be like, that's funny because I just saw his car in the lot about five minutes ago. Next thing you know, Jimbo's on the phone because you showed the lady you weren't fuckin' around.
Alright guys.  I want to make a toast to the man of the night.  Highest Series Seven score in the whole firm. You are the big swinging dick tonight.
...Yeah, actually, it is.  We're finally getting along.  I mean we're having lunch next week on his request. Do you know how happy that shit makes me?!
I did it in twenty-six days when I was a junior broker.  You're not sending out press packets anymore.  None of this Debbie the Time Life operator shit.  It's time to go to work.  Get on the phones and be aggressive.
...ummm, a hundred shares?  Wrong answer!  You have to learn how to close.  Always be closing!  You have to push.  Keep asking questions.  Ask rhetorical ones just to get a yes out of them.  If you were drowning and I threw you a life jacket would you grab it?  Yes?  Good.  Pick up two hundred shares, I won't let you down.  Ask a guy if he'll let you down. Ask a guy if he'll be happy to see thirty to forty percent return.  What's he gonna say?  Fuck you, I don't want to see those returns?
Right.  So it's mine.  I'm out of the junior broker program.  I don't work for you No Mo'!
'Made on.' Quote it right, you old idiot
Hardly. You're probably the only one whose ever read the damn thing.
A weird dream? You gotta tell Sam ... she's a nut for this stuff. Sam, come here!
Wanta roll this sucker out of the way. Alice?
Shim it up just a scooch.
Drive careful and don't drownd your dumb self.
Neddy? Cut the screwing around, Neddy!
Hello? Hello? This damn thing's dead, too.
Where are the goddamned bullets?Hello, little fella.
Hey there, you lousy bastard, take your hands off that gold, You black- hearted pig, stay away from me, or I'll smash your face in! 'Ntantatah!!!... (In the heap of movie frames there are also several photographs.
I'm asking you for the last time, blockhead! Five times five equals...?
Because I'm an idiot. How many other guys in town know how to be a projectionist? None! Only a jerk like me could do it. Besides I wasn't lucky. When I was a kid there was the war! When I grew up, another war! Now it's all different. Times have changed. And you want to be a dope like me? Huh? Answer me!
smiles to himself. Sure, there's something about that damn job he likes:)
Ooooooh! They're kissing!! Look at that!! Christ, that's news!!
I'll be damned'
may say, my privilege to catalogue, archive, and advise -- although she did whatever the hell she wanted no matter what you told her, anyway.
Precisely! He’s a Renaissance master of the highest order! He mines the same vein as Piperno Pierluigi when he illuminated the Christ before God’s heavenly altar in 1565! “Maw”! Nobody has an eye for things nobody has ever seen like “Maw” Clampette of Liberty, Kansas! We should be ashamed to even gather in her presence! Why the fuck did she say fresco?
Maybe one of them resterashun fellers out
Can you even begin to fathom the shit-ton of money my uncles and I have squandered to get to this point-of-no-return? Look at them! Cadazio points. His uncles watch and listen. They do not appear to comprehend the situation on any level.
I reckon that rascal Maurizio might fry up a s’looshin in his noggin. He’s a crafty, old sidewinder.
She nodded.
Whatever that girl costs -- pay it.
What is Nizam up to? He knows.
You want revenge for what Nizam has done to your temple? To your people?
We must find Nizam.
Greatness cannot be stolen; it must be earned. You shall never achieve it, Nizam.Where you headed? Keelut.
Slone, you lucky fucker!
Mrs. Slone.
You come to punish the old witch, Vernon Slone? I’m no witch. You think I knew? You think I could have stopped her? An old woman? Slone says nothing. She spits on her own floor, smirks.
You came the next day and left and never came back. Worthless as shit, you city boys. IN THE ROAD, twenty yards back now, Core draws closer. He can see Marium talking to someone in a doorway. He can see-A COP with A SNIPER RIFLE dart into the WOODS by the house.
Where you coming from? Keelut.
They don’t got women in Keelut, gotta crawl all the way up here for a piece? Slone just stares at her. As she applies some ChapStick, looking him up and down...
Didn’t share that and I didn’t ask. Struck me as damned skittish, you want the truth. Slone absorbs this, and then...
Not my business what she did. There’s no decree in the country. It don’t reach here. I help who comes asking. He peers across at Slone, a small knowing smile.
Goddamn, Vern. Been a while.
Slone killed the old woman. Marium nods.
Knives aren’t Cheeon’s style. It was Slone.
Please, Vern. Please. We been knowin’ each other since we were kids. But Slone-As-Wolf says nothing, almost in arm’s reach now.
If you're a pervert, yeah. All that matters is they both show leg.
Sturdy little fucker, isn't it? She pulls the phone out of the cup and wipes it off with her scarf, pushing the button which sends the call to voice mail. Then she reaches out her hand, as if to shake.
There's awoman.
I was pickpocketed.
You're serious... Oh, man...dude. I'm sorry... I'm really sorry...
Not like that, you pervert. In a dance company. The. Manhattan Modern Ballet.
Couple houtrs while I'm out of touch won't:ill him.
Everyone was slow on Not quite. their cues. Like doing a show with the cast of Dawn of the Dead- and not that new fast-zombie remake crap, either. I'm talking classic slow-ass shambling old-school zombie shit. Lights were a disaster. Were we all in the same theater? A moment
What for? Got an army going in there to pick up a little French dude. You don't collar?
You know very well on what grounds. This is some serious shit you're in Mr. Santayana. You're not on stage anymore.
You should check out Jerry at the Sands. It's a goddam laugh riot.
hell are you?
Shit. INT.
Are you breaking some kind of magician's code if you aren't acting like a complete asshole?
not a retard
her offguard
so goddamn funny?
Whoever this bloke is, he's good. And plugged in as hell. Everything he told us to say to provoke those Feds was spot on. Got them hot to trot like greyhounds on a hare. So what's
got some balls
those four morons.
in as openly bad-ass a bar as can be
Damn.
hell are they?
Not Hell, yo.
Boyo, you gave us all the scare of our bloody lives. Where the hell have you been?
a goddamn story.
Here's to the Fifth HorsemanWhoever the hell he was. Salut.
like those bloody tarts from the telly, you know, waiting for that bloke you never see to call them on the speaker and congratulate them for a job well done. Wish
Coulda' been anything. One was dark, I don't know, squat, heavy, other guy had blonde hair -almost white --cut straight across like a fuckin helmet. Hold on Mitch. 98
Don't beat yourself up, kid. If I wasn't here, I wouldn't want to be here either.
ASSOC.
for McDeere'?
What the fuck do you want to do, call 911?- get the key, grab the stuff and get over here. Devasher
me now. TARRANCE
TARRANCE
hell are you?
You been with the Bureau too long, you you're a -G# man, Tarrance, want Dillinger. There's a whole bllnch of llilli bad guys - with expensive haircuts and terriffic manners.
Take care?  Where the hell are you going --
Where the hell are you going?
You’re a rascal. Are you moving in with us?
Hello there. Badass turns around.
Many people are morons.
That's okay. I'll walk with you. When I see an opportunity, I charge it, like a bull. Ned the Bull, that's me now. Some of my friends live and die by actuarial tables, but I think it's all just a crap shoot anyhoo. Ever heard of single .premium life? That could be the ticket for you, buddy. God, it's good to see you! Hey, what're you doing for dinner?
You really don't know me very well, do you. 'Cause if you did you could never say something like that about me. I care! Call me a cockeyed optimist but I happen to think there's more to this job than just getting my ugly mug on the boob tube every night.
Pal, you got that moisture on your head.
Slap me, Rita.
No, he's askin1 you a question, ya idiot.
They call me-- Punxsutawney Phil.
The guy's nuts. He's out of his gourd.
No t you-- him.
Rita, this is Ned Ryerson. He's an asshole.
Your Klaas.
What are you bitches plotting? Agata gets up and walks to Earnest and sits next to him on the bale.It's Yoko's case, but she didn't show up for work this morning, and I can't reach her at home. She must be sick, or something. And she has the damn house key.
I'll give you guys one minute to finish whatever you're doing up there and get your butts down here.
What you into?
Dude, shut up. I know.
And he was really into ska. Weird.
Please. That’s nothing compared to Mambos one through four. Audrey laughs. They’re enjoying each other.
Dude. Sexist! Women of all shapes and sizes can be anything they want to be. They can be assassins...
Whatever.
Shit. Can you drive a stick?
Wait. Fuck. Our passports. Sebastian said we’ll get stopped if we try to use them.
That train station hand soap is for shit.
Whatever dude. Not every woman is like, a waxed porn star. We have stuff going on in there.
Morgan says Drew was always a selfish dick.
Hey guys? I know we’re on the run from a shit-ton of people but can we eat soon? I’m fucking starving. EXT. ROTTERDAM, NETHERLANDS - DAY The sun rises over the gorgeous town.
My ass? I couldn’t have done that with my arm like this! I wouldn’t have been able to get the angle.
Okay, so, a gay porn star.
I know. I know. When that guy shot you... it was so fucking horrible. Audrey chokes back tears a little. The adrenaline she’s been running on for days giving way to the raw emotion she’d tamped down. She tries to fight it but Drew’s not blind.
You’re not showing up stag and riling each other up.
I love the shit out of you guys. But everyone’s really stressed out about this wedding. Dad’s spending a ton of money. Like, he never stops talking about it. Just be cool. Please? For me? Mike and Dave both look down, ashamed.
Okay, Dave. No horse cock. See, another great idea by you. Dave erases the horse-cock, nods approvingly, types.
Well I’m tired of living like this, OK? It’s tearing me up inside. We’ve been missing that classic Tatiana-Alice spark that defines our identities as friends and badass motherfuckers! Tatiana points to a board on the wall, a COLLAGE of TATIANA AND ALICE on VACATIONS - on the beach, on a ski slope, drinking in a hot tub, on a zip line in a jungle, riding ATVS in Baja. In a lot of the photos they are posing with guys, but the guys have been cropped out. Tatiana and Alice obviously love each other and do everything with each other.
I like this guy. He doesn’t take any shit.
You know who that is, Alice? That’s your Taye Diggs! He’s gonna get yo groove back. Dude, we should go to this wedding.
No way. These guys are too dumb to kill anyone. And if I get a serial killer-y vibe I’ll stab them in the dick with the knife I keep in my purse and we’re out of there! You know I got your back, right?
That’s where you’re wrong. Cause unlike you, homey don’t “pay” that.
Holy crap. Dude, you’re hammered. And she’s like completely sober. What did you do to him? Did you roofie my brother?
Holy shit, Alice! You see that, Mike? She got some serious air.
You call that air? Check this shit out. Tatiana CRANKS the handle, GUNS her ATV off the jump. In MIDAIR, she turns to the guys, takes her hands off the handlebars, and smiles. Mike and Dave watch her, in awe. She STICKS the landing.
Can I do that? Please? Is it possible at my own fucking wedding to get five minutes of goddamned quiet?! Everyone looks away, awkward. Alice’s wheels are turning. INT. SPA - STEAM ROOM - SAME TIME Tatiana, wrapped in a towel, enters the steam room. She sits down and sighs loudly, decompressing after her argument with Mike. Across the way, she hears a voice: Hello.
You dirty girl!
Who gives a shit? She’s a grown woman getting her rocks off. And the fact she’s getting married tomorrow is even more reason to hit the spa and get the big O. Good for her, man. I was worried. You said some crazy shit happened.
Wait till you hear my speech tonight. I structured it like a Seinfeld episode. There’s an A, B and C story that all come smashing together at the end. People are gonna lose their shit. Gary pats Mike on the back, walks off.
I’m gonna Wedding Crasher him. Put a few drops of this in his drink, then he’s gotta shit the whole night and can’t give his speech.
Neither did I. That was one of the craziest speeches I’ve ever seen. It looked like an alien was going to come out of his chest. Did he shit his pants?
Oh screw you, Dave. Don’t be such a judgey prude.
Oh no, we had a deal. We came here to have a wedding, we’re gonna have a goddamn wedding. Jeanie and Eric walk over, subdued.
No, it was really something. You took command. The hood slide was badass, too. I’m sorry I called you a pussy, David.
ae sta:ts walking again and gets :o anothe: stall. stops, pees :he horse.
You a.re a ve:y p:et:ty woman, you know.
Well, you've got some real nuts in here! Listen to me, all of you -- I have to tell you something that's going to be difficult for you to understand, but...
I shit you not. ... Man, life is weird! A monkey and a sandwich.  Wonder who thought that one up.
My God, Arnie, what's happened to you? You look like shit
Of course I know him.  What do you think -- I act like this to strangers? Listen -- you fellas are terrific.  I thought you were pulling a number on me.  What a terrible thing if you'd thrown old Arnie out.  I owe you guys the big apologia!  Mea culpa, fellas.
These people -- all of 'em -- are true weirdoes!
I saw you! In 1995!  In the real world! You were a bum!  You pulled out your teeth.
You two are crazy.  I got friends.  You put me in a closet, they're gonna be really pissed.
Bunch a weirdoes let all the animals outta the zoo last night.  Then they locked up this big shot scientist in one of the cages. Scientist's own kid was one a the ones did it!
You gotta be crazy, man!
Me?  Are you kiddin?  You're the one! You were a hero, man.  They gave you a pardon!  And whadda you do?  You come back and fuck with your teeth!  Wow!
Coma on, Cole, don't be an asshole.
They gave you a pardon, man.  Whatdaya want?
Barrister II: Oh, yeah. Ooh, ah. Barrister I: Well, after a bit all I could do was bang me gavel. Barrister II: You what, love? Barrister I: I banged me gavel! Barrister II: Oh, get away!
Barrister II: And I waggled me wig! Whoaaoha! Barrister I: You waggled you what? Barrister II: I waggled me wig!
C: Er, how about "A Sale of Two Titties"?
Don’t be daft, I’m too fuckin’ fat! Hibs are playing Glentorren in Belfast. I don’t play football. I watch football. And I watch fucking Hibs. Am I getting any closer to getting in?
I don't usually walk into the ladies. But there's a line of blokes out there waiting chat you up.
I don't think he'd have given a shit.
I saw him on T.V.  Some kid got possessed and he saved the little bastard's life.
No.  He's just a guy who's got a nose for this shit.
That's not what I'm asking for. I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards. And stop it from happening.
You're not listening to me, Loomis.
The case is closed. Harry. Tapert's given us a full confession.  Get your ass back to Mew York.
Deep shit?
You damn fool.  He's a journalist.
I gotta be careful.  If Vinovich sees me talking to you.  He's an asshole, but he's a powerful asshole.
... I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards...
At the end... when we had him cornered, he got into my head. He showed me what we really look like, when the veneer's gone.  Jelly. Shit...
Show us. Puritan.
Geoffrey, you have to move out of South Africa. You'll be killed. Why do you stay in South Africa?
THE CHUMS are transfixed.
You darling old poop -
THE CHUMS hang on OUISA's every word.
You're an imposter.
This is so racist.
The negro son?
He lives up there. Count six windows over. John Flanders Kittredge. His chums-call him Flan. I was the child of Flan's hippie days. His radical days. He went down South as a freedom marcher, to register black voters - his friends were killed. Met my mother. Registered her and married her in a fit of sentimental righteousness and knocked her up with me and came back here and abandoned her. Went to Harvard. He's now a fancy art dealer. Lives up there. Count six windows over. Won't see me. The new wife--the white wife-- The Louisa Kittredge Call Me Ouisa wife - the mother of the new children wife--
Then let this bunch of jerks see class.
TESS is cut off.
Oh fuck. We have drinks with the Japanese at six- fifteen - Get off that fucking phone. Is it that kid? Get him out of our life! Get off that phone or I'll rip it out of the wall!I love The Salt Water Redneck. He is my hero, and he is a badass, and he is the greatest person ever.
And you will be the next badass!
Come to my wrestling school and you can learn the skills that it takes to be like The Salt Water Redneck!
Them boys are pit bulls, don’t mess with them.
You cain’t fish there no more!
Shit man, that dummy sank like a rock.
Alright, I’ll drop you there then. I ain’t doing no charity shit, it’s just on my way. Tyler pulls an old greasy black Grave Digger monster truck tshirt from his backpack and throws Zak. Zak stands and puts it on.
When I was a kid, my brother and I were camping off of Caffey’s inlet, and there was this big ol’ hornet’s nest right by the water. I just strolled over to it and boom, hit it with a stick like a baseball bat, home run. I got stung bad and my eyes swole shut. Mark was pissed. He said, “Keep stirring up shit, get yourself killed.”
The real question isn’t whether you’ll die or not, it’s will you die with a bunch of good stories for people to tell about you when you’re gone, now don’t be a bitch let’s go. Zak swallows hard.
Today when you pulled me up by the river... the most grown-ass men I know aren’t that strong. You almost took my arm off. Zak smiles.
You know I don’t know shit about wrestling. Zak shakes his head yes.
Wuh wuh wuh, we are white!
Have you heard of the Salt Water Redneck?
Who’s askin?
My name’s Tyler; I ain’t selling nothin’ to you. You see that guy back there? Yeah.
Hey pal The Salt Water Redneck don’t live here no more.
Zak, The Salt Water Redneck isn’t real; he doesn’t exist.
Nah, man I’m telling you he’s here.
Freudian bullshit.
Listen, Jeannette. I wish you the beat. But I don't trust men. Any of them. My mother trusted my father for forty years and the old boozer walked out on her one Christmas Eve and never came back. I trusted Jimmy for fifteen years and the son-of-a-bitch stabbed me in the back. And now •.. Do you mind if I talk about you, Erica?
You're a goofball ...
..• 'Balls,' said the Queen. I had 'em, I'd be King• •••
Arthur, I've always been a healthy person. I've always had a perfect life. Good teeth, nice ass and a high IQ .•. Now I feel like ••• Maybe I should see a psychiatrist.
PATTI
PATTI
You act like some kind of virgin.
He's guilty as hell. It's killing him.
PATTI
He's Hungarian. Very intense, very ambitious. Can't paint for shit.
Ia Gebhart homosexual?
I didn't know she was a lesbian.
That's okay. I got nothing against Puerto Ricans.
Are you a lesbian?
Then you're bi-sexual.
PATTI
Stop it, Patti.
You're too damn precocious.
Aw, Jesus. You sound like you're asking some jerk off for directions. Twenty seconds. Luke grabs the rest of the money and leaps over the bureau. He runs for the bay's door. Robin clicks his stopwatch. Pathetic.
She’s bummed.
If you come in to my house. You gotta come with a little more respect, ya heard?
It's okay, I lost em. I'm like the fucking Road Runner. BEEP BEEP! Luke dumps the bag of money on the table, squats down and pets Tony the dog. Tony licks his face. Robin tugs on a smoke, his hands shaking from a combo of nerves and nicotine. He surveys the money, wont touch it.
Listen. You have any idea what kind of trouble you’re in here? I need to know the name of your source so i can get you outta here. Junkie doesn’t say anything. He’s not scared of Avery.
Whoa, whoa... No need to hurt the guy for Christ sake. Avery’s breathing hard. He steps back.
It's a fucking joke. Have a sense of humor. You okay? Avery nods.
Officer Cross. Avery, right? Can I call you Avery? Avery, you're obviously someone I can be candid with. No bullshit. Well let me ask you straight, just on the face of this proposition, why the hell do you think I'd be willing to reward you for this shit sandwich? I have to work with the guys on this tape. I'm not going to make it my business to screw them.
Dude. Chill. Only playin. Don’t be so serious. You got a fucking temper, man. You need to get that shit under control. Or you’re gonna get into trouble, b.
17. Goddamn. 173
He was a crazy son of a bitch. But he had a big heart. Next to Luke's picture is Avery's portrait in his police uniform. Robin points to it.
What do you want, man?
OK. So. Dude, I’m sorry I was kinda a dick to you yesterday and everything. I was just kinda rip shit with you about losing my $500 bucks, you know. But it’s cool. I’m over it.
I got shit to do tonight, A.J.
Damn, bro. You stink!
Right, you don't wanna be rootin' --
We gotta stop using bums.
You want I should hire actors, for Chrissake? These guys are cheap, they work for food.
Trin, I'm pissin' myself over here, you're so funny. What's this?
Christ, guy's all over you like a cheap suit.
...and here's the jail here, see...? Escape chute for the Borian, he's a dinosaur guy, Moves quick, don't take no shit neither. See, you can make him shoot the guard -- ah, hell, look, I played with it a little myself, I'm sorry.
You kidding? Guy's hideous. I'll do it, but we're talking time and a half. Plus a night on the town when I get back, and *no cockfights this time*.
Goddammit, lady, I'm taking you *home*.
Seven years ago, Atlanta PD. Me and my partner, we handled a lot of impounded shit. Fucker hated me, boy. One weekend, when he was conveniently gone...? Some bearer bonds disappeared from his office. And lo and behold, when the police responded to an anonymous tip, you'll never guess what just happened to be sitting in my closet.
You're just jealous of their girlfriends.
What in God's hell have you been *eating*, you look positively bovine! Hang on.
And you kid, Cathead --
Cut me a break, nimrod. She's married with a kid.
Look, what if I'm ignorant? It's my father, we never stay in one place, I never meet bloody anyone.
Thank God. Look at my inordinately large ass, look what she did to me.
Yas, massah, I be slowin' de caw down fo' you.
Oh, balls. Want me to cry on cue? I can. This is an extraction, nimrod, and she's the target, that's how to play it, the only way to beat this guy.
Negative. You stomp around like a forties drunk and you're a lousy shot.
Take her alive, Perkins wants her!
Left nut, five bucks I make it.
You foxy bitch.
Oh I ain't. But it seems The Man's getting uptight about black folk standing in the street, causing a fuss. What I'm asking for, is some of your able black asses to come down and be "Observers" on the cops. Take down badge numbers. They don't like pulling shit with too many eyes on 'em. So that's how you can help, not by praying but by watching.
A vigil for some pickaninny got hit here.
keep our shit correct! And effect revolution. We revolve the power into the hands of the people. Where it belongs.
We'll get them. Right now we got to worry about being armed and ready to protect Betty Shabazz. Those phonies sure as hell can't. We need guns.
I'm sorry boys. But right now The Party feels it's important for Black People to do it for themselves. We're not signing up white folk.
Judge I could use someone like you. These books, hell I don't know half the words. You might.
Just the legit shit. Judge SETS ASIDE the revolver. MR. YANG -- a nervous oriental man -- hovers over them.
I hear you Panther boys get the finest pussy.
Vietnam man... I go there and then come back to some honky motherfucker telling me what to do, beating my ass if I don't. Man... fuck that. A FINAL FACE comes into view... JUDGE'S CUT TO: INT. PANTHER HQ - DAY CY stands proudly next to Judge in front of Bobby.
Yeah... You were a lot of help with those guns. Your soldier shit is badass.
Mind if I ask you something? Why'd you put up with shit like that for someone else's war? Judge flashes Huey a look of bare honesty.
Hey, GI bill pays for school. And shit, if I stuck around here, instead of signing up, I'd probably be in jail, or sitting on the stoop drinking Bitter Dog with Rose, you know?
Man, this shit's pretty thick.
The Black Panther Party is not antiwhite, you cannot fight racism with racism.
Where the hell's Judge anyway?
Huey, man who's gonna straighten out the brothers if they get on my ass?
I don't know man. I don't know. That reminds me.
How long can a piss take?
We can no longer let the white media control our image. We gotta let the people know what we are about ourselves.
That same tyranny is at work many miles from here. In Vietnam. Black men are dying there, white men are dying there. Yellow men are dying there. We're told they're dying in the name of freedom.
What's your name punk?
Well, then we're going to take that power away from those bastards.
Hey... what the hell you doing?
Shut up. Just shut the fuck up. EXT. BAY BRIDGE - NIGHT BRIMMER'S CAR pulls onto the bridge. INT. BRIMMER'S CAR - NIGHT Apprehensive, Judge eyes Brimmer from the back seat.
Black Panther Party.
you conf_inn?
cowed.
fat
Ass. The writers.
You do? So do I. I sent a bunch of letters to restaurants in San Fran, all my favorites, figuring, what the ·hell, got nothing to lose and look-He shows her a letter.
Shit! This garners
know . .ANDYnods again.
Where the hell have you been, I thought you were gonna miss it.
Jesus, my whole life, I never ••• I'm not ready for this, I can't -RICK I can. If there's one thing I know how to do, it's cover my ass. Dunne looks at him, finally focusing. DUNNE
You're not taking over shit. This isn't blood, it's the Secretary's, I was sitting right behind him. I'm a homicide detective and a material witness, this is mine about six different ways.
Hook up in the ba cony, and don't be obvious about it.
Shut up and pay the man, Mickey.
He did head butt me, I wasn't lyin' about that. It was like the man was doin' everything he could to screw it u~. Right after that, I got the signal. Quicker'n I thought, only two minutes into the fight. Maybe they were gettin' nervous. The Drunk stands up and shouts. DRUNK
I did. We got a file an inch thick on this guy Rabat. He's a well-known nutcase.
The red haired woman, the one who told Tyler to throw the fight, is the same one that sat across from you. She's on the fight tape. And you're on the tape too, following her ass up the stairs. She led you out, Kevin, to get you out of position.
Somebody wants to plaf the slots, they look at the machines, trying to guess which one's lucky. Grabbers couldn't care less, they check out the people. They're like pickpockets, ½ut sloppier. No real skills.
Look, you don't have a lot of time. That asshole is goin~ to come back, and he's going to bring hotel security with him. You need to decide right now. Would you rather trust them? Or me?
He never knew there was anything in the world but money.  That kind of fellow you can fool every day in the week - and twice on Sundays!
Brad, you are drunk.
I can't do this to you!
Yes, sir - yes, sir, I knew how to handle the old man.  He was kind of queer, but I knew how to handle him.
Get out of my room.
My 'hopes' are he will give up on the damn game if someone beats him.
I want to represent you. Exhibitions. Endorsements. Serious money. Otherwise I wouldn't be out here freezing my ass off.
Hey, screw him. Screw Boris Spassky. He taps his temple with his long finger.
No one expected you to beat Spassky.
You think he can ever beat Spassky? Lombardy nurses his drink, non-committal.
The room falls silent.
Joanie, where the hell are you? 117
Mr. Spassky has made his move.
He's inviting Spassky to exchange.
We know, asshole. We're watching the re-run.
Brought yeh here sixteen years ago when you were barely bigger than a Bowtruckle. Seems only righ’ I should be the one ter take yeh away.
And leave Hermione? Are you mad? We wouldn’t last two days without her.
Hermione? She turns, looks at him. of blood from her cheek.
The two clinging to the tree are Death Eaters for sure. Dunno ‘bout the bloke on the bench.
They have flesh memories. Harry turns, sees that Hermione is eyeing the Snitch.
What are you playing at -- setting a pair of bleedin’ ‘ouse-elves on me!
Wouldn’t be difficult, would it? Bleedin’ gave it away, din’ I? There I was, pitching me wares in Diagon Alley when some ministry hag comes up and asks to see my license. Says she’s of a mind to lock me up and would’ve, too, she hadn’ taken a fancy to that locket. Who was she?
Well, she’s right there, in’t she? Bleedin’ bow an’ all.
The world’s mental. Come on, drink up. We’ve got a Horcrux to find. 69
Reckon the old hag will be interrogating Mudbloods all day? Sh...careful.
I overheard a bloke from the Enforcement office talking about it at the Ministry. Blimey, what’s that smell?
HERMIONE
You were right. It’s like you said. Snitches have flesh memories. But I didn’t catch my first Snitch with my hand. I almost swallowed it. Hermione watches the WORDS VANISH on orb.
But it means something to him too, Hermione. You-Know-Who nearly died there. Wouldn’t that be just the kind of place he’d hide a Horcrux? Hermione eyes him. right.
HERMIONE
HERMIONE
You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley! You crawl back here after all these weeks and say, ‘Hey?’
Don’t tell Hermione, but they’re a bit dim, Snatchers. This one was definitely part Troll. The smell off him...
HERMIONE
Penelope Clearwater. Half-blood. Scabior strokes the nape of Hermione’s neck, then takes her hair in hand, sniffs it.
You guys look like you deserve Grey Goose.
I’d regarded Reardon as a nitwit when I regarded him at all, but on that pad were nine names--along with phone numbers--of some of the wealthiest and most influential people in Los Angeles.
So you were really getting to the nuts and bolts of why middle-class, suburban white girls have been oppressed for centuries.
Fellas, can I have your attention a moment?
He was hammered.
And thanks fellas. You trusted me for eight years and I proved worthy of that trust, over and over, and none of you could speak up?
If you’re not Irish what are you?
This was all me. Listen up a second okay? For most of my life, for whatever reason, I’ve experienced men as nocturnal predators. Degenerate gluttons of sloth. Crass and stupid misogynists who measure their worth in worthless ways.Let's get it straight up front. I don't want your pity. I know the world's a cold-ass bitch.
Exopacks on!
Damn. Same old sack a' bones.
I pulled your record, Corporal. Venezuela -- that was some mean bush. Nothing like this here, though. You got heart kid, coming out here.
Don't shoot. You'll piss it off.
-- so the kid's out there one night and he's got the Queen Bitch herself offering him the spare room and the car keys. Unbelievable.
Mo'at.
Look, you've given me plenty of usable intel. Like this "Well of Souls" place -- I've got them by the balls with that, when it turns into a shit-fight. Which it will.
You!
Tsu'tey is Olo'eyctan now. He's not going to let you get near that place.
Oh shit.A Ford!  A Ford!  Goddamnit, a Ford!  That's great!
Benjamin, don't you ever take that girl out.
Hey - wait a minute.  Now damn it - look.
NOTHIN’ GONNA STOP MY GIRL!
Judge-y bitch. The Bellas are back!
Only the top bitch of the 1981 Bellas.
Okay. I’d like to perform an original song I’m working on. I’m not finished with it so... let’s not be dicks about it.
Fat Amy, you have a lovely vagina.
You don’t live here!
Keep it in your pants.
You? You are the kicker of ass? But you are so tiny. Like an elf. Or is it a sprite? Fairy?
Aca Wiedersehen, bitches.
mouth and the flame goes out. Everyone reacts, impressed. Fat Amy removes the skewer, pretending it didn’t just burn the crap out of her mouth.
Jk jk. My lady cock will stay completely covered today.
I’m black, gay, and a woman.
Yeah I talked to the other black people there. They seem to like it.
Dammit, Gail!
Damn Toons.
Hey, fellas, what's the good word?
Wise ass...
Oh, yeah.  Good lookin' guy like him. Dames'll be breakin' his door down.
Why, you filthy little vagrant, you've soiled my robe!
You're a pig... a happy-go-lucky pig.
'... So brighten up and smile You schmuck'.
Why, you crazy Toon... I've been out there riskin' my neck for you.   I come back here and you're singin' and dancin'.
Angelo?  He's a pal, a chum...
Oh, Eddie, that was quick thinkin'. Nothin' like usin' the old noggin, the noodle, the grey matter...
Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience, but what happened to you that was so dark, lurid, embittering?
You know, Eddie, I'm not as much of a chump, and a patsy, a yokel as you think.
Get your hands off me, you little rodent!
'Thanks for getting me out of the hoosegow.  Yosemite Sam'.
Put that gun down, you buck-toothed fool.
Holy shit, he's a Toon!
She has a fractured hip, she’s achy and grouchy first thing and she can’t get her bloody jeans on!
Sandra, give the Mens’ a good clean - young fella left them in an awful state last night.
Yeah, “temporary” my arse. See ya’s around. SANDRA watches them trudge in, tired of this life, unable to imagine theirs, when MOLLY skates into her, hugging her. SANDRA laughs, then lies down, plays ‘dead’. MOLLY messes with her hair and face, but
Come here you two, ya messers! Only need me “for chips” do ya? 25
Bollocks. Dr O’Toole? 54
Your mother was far more than a cleaner to me, she was a friend. And she helped me through some bloody awful times. You’re looking for a way out.
‘Mind if I serve this young fella? Yes my friend, what can I get you?
Gary Mullen? Michael Mullen’s young fella?
Sandra, it’s Jo, from Women’s Aid. Shit.
Like Black Widow?
Molly, stop it... Jesus, will ya calm down... you’re being a baby!
Tomo. From eh, down the road... What’s the story? He drops the bottle - ‘ah shite.’ , more reason to laugh. She warily shakes hands with him. AIDO looks on, bemused.
No fucking complaints here! Grabs a can, only to wince, sorry for cursing in front of the little one. AMY playfully thwacks him and opens a can.
Dr O’Toole got planning, it’s her
So the Mullens didn’t get their way this time?
Hell, you were --
Already ain't.     Married a gal named --
Hey, man. You all right?... Dude?... Oh shit.
Comes with some Goddamn responsibility, like keeping your people in line.
Where you takin' me, you bad boy!
Grant, you're sick!
This turns out to be a mountain lion we're gonna look like a damn bunch of idiots.
Starla here's twelve. Guess I was fourteen. I said, 'Starla, what the hell you doing out there?' She tells me she's running away to Hollywood to become a big star. She said she knew I was in ROTC, and she was gonna need a bodyguard. Invited me along.
Would you mind handing me a piece of that possum there at your feet? Little bit?
When I buy my zoo, I'm leaving them things the hell out!
Now, Bill!!   Kill the motherfucker!!Yeah, well maybe a trillion years from now some guy will say the same about you. If you get off your butt and work on this tag.
Poor Sasquatch. Catnip overdose.
Funny. Much hipper than October. What a wanker.
Happy gay or gay gay?
Gay gay but very happy about it. Nelson has to ask:
You don't have anything against Italians, do you?
You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it.  Wish I coulda seen that.
18k.  Crap.
Hey, pussycat.
Come on out man, I won't hurt you.
Like the car.  He hangs out with Skank. that little ass-hair, and they hang at the Pit -- hell, Funboy lives there.  Ask Top Dollar.
Least he didn't do that "walking against the wind" shit;  I hate that.
Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!
I'm sorry as hell, man.
Thank you.  For giving a damn.
Ow! Owowoowowoowo, goddammit!
You want my attention, man you got it.
We're gonna stop and get a shit-load of Band-Aids?
Stop screwing around.
You won't mind if I just take the stairs, then, smartass...
Old Dolio is watching them lose their shit with some surprise and confusion. Fine.
you’re...but you’re not British.
I don’t think Old Dolio likes me.
But you should know: I’m not a kidder or joker. I can do that, for a job, but I don’t think it’s respectful. If you ever see me joking with someone you can bet I think they’re a worthless asshole not fit for real conversation.
This is crap. They’re just OLD DOLIO I know. I know that. It’s some kind of job. They’re jobbing me. She reads the 18th birthday card....But a lot of clichés get to be clichés because they're true. Your life CAN change in the blink of an eye.  What I mean is, one day you're a regular chump, a wannabe something.  You're not even totally sure WHAT you wannabe...
This isn't some 80's porno film, you dip shit. There are no wild sex orgies.
You are a multi-media magnate. The Tycoon of Tits. The Baron of Bottoms.
The Supreme Sovereign of Sexuality.
I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second.
New Hushpuppies don't make a new man.
I never figured you for a pimp.
What is it, William Randolph? Your balls need scratching?
Beats the heck out of meatloaf.
No thanks. I prefer my penis at room temperature.
Is this an gritty exposé or a candy ass press release?
Thatta girl.
I. AM. THAT. MAN.
Chicks are like buses. If you miss one, don't sweat it. There's another coming 'round the corner.
Hell yes, all hundred and seventeen of 'em!
Whatever.
Well? Where the hell are you?
I figured you for more of a hairy armpit guy.
I need your help.  I'm really in deep shit.
Don't say "shit," honey. Use the strong vocabulary God gave you.
He kicked major ass and you know it.
Eat, Drink, and Screw Mary!Thank you, John. My brother Danny wasn’t wise, nor was he gentle. And with a skinfull of liquor in him... he was a pain in the ass.
Oh Jesus, MikeSULLIVAN
Hello, fellas.
I need to talk to Mr. Nitti.
Sorry to keep you waiting so long, Mike. Nitti takes in Sullivan’s appearance.
Thank you for seeing me Mr. Nitti.
This is a good proposal Mr. Nitti. I will work only for you...and you know I can do a good job.
God help me. Rooney looks up at Nitti.
Harlem Maguire... Good-evening, Mr. Nitti. He listens to Nitti on the other end of the phone.
I have to make Capone give up Connor.
You really trust me to nit say anything?
I understand. But Al wants your assurance that after that... it’s over. Nitti gets his assurance.We’re going up the street you dope. Keller comes out. to pick her up --
Oh, for God’s sake, Keller, get the hell in here. 5
This thing's clean. I mean it's filthy as shit, but we didn't find anything.
Shit -- fuck -LOKI SLAMS IT CLOSED. Loki takes a breath, then in a mad blur he takes down another container and another, using the crowbar to break the locked clasps, flipping the tops open -More bloody kid’s clothes -- more SNAKES. containers to open --
If there are windows open, get them fucking shut. Something occurs to Loki. He pulls out his note pad, flipping through the pages, until he comes to: IN THE HOUSE? OPEN WINDOW 167
Sure as hell glad they didn't get me.
Listen, I don't know what you think your job is. If it is anything like mine, it was to roll up the drunks, twiddle my thumbs and not ask too many questions. But my son just spent eighteen months bringing democracy to a shithole and serving his country. He deserves better than this. He drops the form and walks out.
So, it's the Military Police. You think they're a bunch of boobs and are gonna bungle the investigation.
Yeah, and you can also get your butt in bed.
We seemed to always pull sentry duty, freezing our asses off. He used to try and convince me of the craziest things.
Damn right you can and you will.
The Utes.
Everyone fucks up, you just admit it to him and explain your needs and feelings and what happened.
They share a look.
Ping ... you are the craziest man I've ever met ... and for that I owe you my life.
Ugly concubines.
Every once in a while I do speaking engagements. Motivational kind of stuff. But GoalQuest... We're talking major Tony Robbins shit. 10.
It's got a hologram. They're calling it Dos Equis. That's some pretty major Tony Robbins shit there.
Hey asshole, aren't you here to console me?
Because they screw lingerie models.
I should just date lesbians.
Got my ass kicked.
\-ihat
Where the you're
Josephine Two’ll be out of dry dock thanks to this. Gonna drive her through the harbour with a fucking firework parade. You, me, steaks and cold beers... the setting sun... Whatcha say to that...
Underage girls.
Goddammit! I can’t have shit! Blood pumps over the edge of Joe’s table and flows thickly to the tiled floor. A WAITRESS’S feet nimbly step over the spreading pool, a brimming coffee decanter in her hand. Joe?An urchin helps him to shut off a street-lamp.
Oi, get out of it! The urchins run off down the alley, as Jack rides down the street.
Will you stop that bangin’? It’s barely eight o’clock on a Sunday mornin’!
She’s a tough nut, isn’t she?
If you're a young man in America you're being asked to slow down so women can catch up. For centuries in the western workplace has been dominated by men, because that's what nature made us to do. We pull back from a computer monitor, at which point we REVEAL that he was in front of a greenscreen with a photo background, and is actually broadcasting from a slightly shittier 3 car garage, with none of the polish or decor, with a slightly shittier version of the sports car, piles of merch with Lion logos and "APEXOSITY" slogans everywhere.
I'm shazaaming it.
Freakin Miles, man. Genius.
Peetchachite. 25
She's goddamn expensive, is what she is! What are we going to do now, play Yahtzee all weekend? Blanc looks at Miles, and his demeanor changes, as if he's now dropping an act.
Peesh - of - shite. Oh. 38
You know, she kept a diary every day of her life since she was six, know what she called it? Notes for future biographers. Biographers plural. Girl was six years old. Day after high school she shot off to New York, never looked back. You know. When we were kids we'd goof together, we'd do a character, "rich bitch."
You'll be fine. Remember, rich bitch voice, Andi posture.
Duke and Birdie, I think they're on to me. Or they were just being assholes.
I'm a politician, I never email anything I wouldn't want on the front page of the Times. That's why I called. Helen is frozen... uh oh. Did she just majorly fuck up?
Holy shit... It's a FAX of the email from Andi. With "FYI" written at the top.
- a veritable minefield of malapropisms 119
you bet your ass, come here. Miles at the bar cart, putting ice and whiskey in his glass.
Sort of a bitch.
God damn it, that means you need a--
Shut the door, then. You Ruskies may be used to it, but I'm freezing my dick off over here.
He's no kind of Italian I've ever seen. Tattooed freak, a real sicko from what we hear.
oth of the men had records, mostly bullshit - possession, petty theft.
spent four hours up at Homicide going through Alex's desk and cataloging pictures of this woman, and not one of you bastards bothered to mention that she was Max Payne's wife?
Female intelligence officers, in my experience, are usually lesbians.
You know what that is? He’s been awarded the goddamn Hero of the Soviet Union. How is that not in the data-base? Bottoms shrugs, Peabody makes him very nervous.
Once he found out where you were, he moved heaven and earth to get you out. We had to do something or he was going to invade this goddam ricepaddy republic himself. Salt blinks, astonished. CUT TO:
Get goddam Maelev! CUT TO:
Joined by Basayev, they cross to a large open HATCH. A dull glow of light below. Seems a shit direction to be travelling.
Listen, Salt. Winter we can figure out. He led a life, he left a trail. We’ll trace it back. We will fucking dissect him if we have to. But Zykov’s still out there. We may have a chance to get him before he leaves the country. She’s CRYING now. Finally really crying even though she’s from Grozny. As she looks at whatever she’s focused on. Peabody looks back over his shoulder. High up, the CHICKEN WIRE GLASS was struck at some point in the past. A roundish “SPIDER-WEBBED” crack radiates out.
No need to bother darling, I know how you abhor the hoi poi.
Women like Shirley don’t have friends.
You’re too much Shirley. I never know what you’re going to say.
I don’t envy you, Bronco. That Lightfoot kid is a handful.
I mean, the guy’s a screw up. You can’t say you don’t agree?
Barley... I don’t know what happened back there, but I don’t think you’re a screwup. Barley says nothing.
I’m not a screwup!
It does look like we’re rowing. I suppose I’d best go talk to him so. See what all this is fecking about.
Be off to the pub, now, Padraic, if you’re going to be annoying us.
ColmSonnyLarry’s scared him off, I suppose.
No, ColmSonnyLarry.
You can’t just all of a sudden stop being friends with a fella! Why can’t I?
But you live on an island off the coast of Ireland, Colm! What the Hell are you hoping for, like?!
No, I won’t try. There’s enough judgey people on this fecking island. So, no, you’re not dim. You’re a nice man, alright? So move on. SIOBHAN clears the dishes away, as PADRAIC cheers a little.
Ar Jesus, Dominic! You poor thing, you!
I’ve never heard the like! He must really not like ya, Padraic. Fingers!
Jesus! He’s serious, lads.
Yeah ye did. Obviously ye did, cos now he’d rather maim himself than talk to ya.
Ay yi yi, well I’ll tell ya this much. Ye two are awful mopey hosts.
Ar that Dominic’s an awful little bollocks. That’s no news.
The Free State lads are executing a couple of the IRA lads.
Ah Padraic, don’t now... ... and PADRAIC puts his finger to his lips as he stares them down, the two big men just looking at him.
Go back to your own gang now, Padraic. I’m serious, now.
“Yet” he says, like he’s fecking English! It’ll be “Parameters” next! SIOBHAN goes over to him, takes his arm gently.
I don’t give a feck about Mozart, or Borvoven, or any of them funny name feckers. I’m Padraic Suilleabhain! And I’m nice!
So you’d rather be friends with this fella, would ya? A fella who beats his own son black and blue every night that he’s not fiddling with him! This takes PEADAR aback somewhat, as it does Dominic...
Jesus, Siobhan, you’ll frighten the little fella!
Oh no...! You’re not... You’re not the student fella from Lisdoonvarna, are ya?
They told me at the Post Office to try to find that student fella Declan from Lisdoonvarna. Yeah, a telegram came for ya. From your Mammy.
What were you talking to the boat fella fer?
You was funny apart from that bit! That’s why I don’t understand why the fat fella threw the finger at ya. He seemed fine when you were slagging him.
Yeah, and be less of a, y’know... a whiny little dull-arse?
Well I have been less of a whiny little dull-arse, actually...
“Nutbag”. 129
Mr. Haller? Calling his attention to-- THE MOTORCYCLES HAVE PULLED IN FRONT. The leader signals Earl to pull off. Mick sees they're surrounded. Shit.
If you want me to work you've gat to pay me.
Yes. Young hot-shot named Ted Minton. He wants to give me the discovery file. Poor guy doesn't know that Raul already got it. He's new to felonies but he's no dope. When he hears his vic's a hooker he'll know we've knocked all his plates down.
You don't have to remind me you were lead dick on that. Kurlen grins. Shakes his head.
With that guy Corliss, right? I told them using that dirtbag was a bullshit play. But you'll take the the guy's head off on the stand... Mick's off-guard, doesn't know what she's talking about.
Some guy in vice I play cards with. Lonnie Fry. You don't know him.
Mick-- You can't beat yourself up for what you didn't know--
Air of a sleaze-ball sex-player, but calm and good-humored.
I never hit her or any other woman.
What shit is this, Haller? I got nothing to do with your case! Mick, "innocent," inspects the papers. With surprise--
I want to know how Corliss got that shit he was saying.
Yes, I understand that - but fellas, we're not making that film anymore - and I'll tell you why.
Don't write him off fellas. He's hot- headed sure, but Carl Denham's made some interesting pictures, he's had a lot of ... near success.
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
For Godsake, Preston - think like a winner. Call Jack ... I need that Goddamn screenplay!
You gonna pay for this?
Get it on board, fellas. Come on.
Appreciate the help, fella.
orry fellas, you'll have to do better than that. Monsters belong in B movies!
Captain, you don't know where the hell you're going!
Bloody Nora!
Get your own seat Buddy - you ain't having mine.
Get off of me.
Hell no! You come here. If I go down there they’ll break my ass. DONALD, forties with frazzled hair and a round face, pokes his head over the top of the box car.
My girl saw a woman like that once.
We heard what happened. Are you hungry or thirsty? Smiley can only shake his head no. Two cars pull up, a red 1987 NISSAN SENTRA and a brown 1985 TOYOTA CARROLA. The cars look like shit and sound like gocarts, but the stereo systems are top notch. A71
The Ranflero looks at Smiley like he’s talking shit.
Any of you kill Casper before Smiley and he’ll never be able to go home.
FROM SOUTH BEND INDIANA, the man with a heart of gold, his brother's a retard, six foot one, he drives down to visit all the time, at forward, he reads to him, BEE BEE
Listen to this crowd. You can't screw a kid over like that. People will kill you. He's right. The crowd is too hyped for Jackie to explain that he's broke.
Whatever. At least I never sat on the bench and then called myself a champion. You didn't do shit for that Celtic team. If I was Dave Cowens, I'd yank that ring right off your neck. That was a pretty heated exchange. Monix looks like he's got something to say, but he doesn't. Clarence has the last word.
He's too'Damn sweaty, man.
Ah, shit.
It's a fucking Egg-McMuffin. Monix opens the window, clearing the pot smoke out of his face. JACKIE EXITS the bathroom, having just taken a shower. He's wearing a very small robe. This is now the fourth player who's sleeping in this tiny room.
--This is bullshit guys. They're kicking our ass in basketball and they're kicking our ass during the commercials, too. Does anybody here understand the concept of the pick and roll? Because they're going to keep double teaming at the top of the key until somebody rotates the Damn ball...
Does anyone in this room have any pride? Don't you realize, this is thelast four weeks of basketball anyus are ever going to play?Is thishow we're really going togo out?You'd think we'd want toend ourcareers battling, hustling after every loose ball. Boxing out under the boards. Setting picks for our teammates. But we haven't done shit out there. Twiggy Munson and Scootsie Double-Day hang their heads.
I know you. You've got all that basketball shit stored up in your head. I know you're dying to pass it down to somebody. Why not us?
We need to get in shape fellas. And we need to learn some fundamentals
You're fired!
If you dunk it, go fuckin' ape shit. -GAME TIME. CLARENCE DUNKS THE BALL: He immediately launches into a preposterous celebration: Back flip, 360 spin down to the splits, back up, he and Jackie give each other ten and then do an extended hand jive routine. Now Jackie blows Clarence a kiss, which 'knocks him out flat.' Clarence then poses, elbow on the floor, hand under his head, smiling.
Not you, asshole. He was talking to me.
You can't SPUMONI, all he did was scratch his nuts.
Damn.
Damn, bro.
Go get ‘em boys. The wagon drives away. She watches them go.
USAC road racing champ in ‘61. Won Pikes Peak Hill Climb. Even won the SCCA C class 3 years in a row in piece of shit MG he built himself.
Outside the rails, Ken, I don’t think you could pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were written on the heel. Shelby walks off. Miles looks to Peter.
This going anywhere Iacocca?
..just saying if the Press get wind of this: The shit’ll hit the Fangio.. They approach the waiting Italian party and the phalanx of Brooks Brothers style meets Fabiani Chic for the first time.
You couldn’t start earlier! You were fighting in a bloody war!
I can see you now sitting in the boardroom in Detroit in your stripey overalls. With Pops, Burner, and Chuck. A Bunch of hot rodders, beatniks, speed freaks. Have you been to Detroit? They have whole floors of lawyers. A million marketing guys. And they’ll all line up to kiss your arse, get their photo taken with the great Carroll Shelby and they’ll head on back to their nice offices and dream up new ways to screw you. Why? Because they can’t help it. They all just want to please their boss, who just wants to please his boss, who just wants to please HIS boss. And they hate themselves for it but deep down who they really hate is guys like you. Because you’re not like them. You don’t think like them. You’re different.
Shh. I like listening to this. Iacocca sees Beebe watching him.
I gotta hand it to you Shelby. You've got some balls. He smiles at Iacocca. He refers back to Ford's office.
That thing you do. That nippy under the arm thing.
I will put you in a driving seat on the start grid at Le Mans next year, even if it kills me. Just please try not to be an asshole. Shelby-
It’s time to let it go. INT. GT40. CONTINUOUS. Miles, heads toward a turn, throttle wide open. He touches the brakes. Frowns. His steering wheel shudders. The brake pedal goes to the floor. The speedometer does not decrease. He fights down through the gears. Ah shit.
Hansgen’s up our arse. Just hold position.
...Son of a bitch. INT. MILES HOUSE. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM Lunchtime. Peter dances around the table, still in pajamas. Radio still on. Mollie smiles, bleary, clinging to a coffee.
Bulldog, I ain't made a single order stick on your stubborn ass since day one. Whatever you do, it's fine by me. Miles looks at Shelby.
‘don’t know shit after an hour. Shelby crosses to his office, past REMINGTON and CUSTOMERS.
The trouble with writing, if I may bring it up here in the English Department...instead of allowing you all to talk about sexual politics all fucking day long...is that we all do a little of it from time to time, writing, and some of us start to think, delusionally, that well, maybe with a little time, a little peace, a little money in the bank, maybe if we left the old lady and the kids, maybe if we had that room of our own, we might be writers, too. Why do we think that? We accept genius in sports, in painting, as something we cannot do, but it’s no more likely that you can be a writer than you can be an Olympic fucking pole vaulter. Because what you have to be before you try to be a pole vaulter, is a pole vaulter.
OK, so you're headed for the highest level. But it's not all roses. It’s still a gamble, isn’t it. Things about it burn your ass? DEXTER takes that on. Nods.
Football’s for homosexuals.
You’re my Jim.
So because I was a jackass who had to defeat another jackass in combat there I was married almost seventy years to a woman who by and large only gave me a hard time. Got my elephants to Croydon, though. Computers then were cards. Holes in cards. Never understood it. Said I did. Invested in it.
This is what you said. KOREAN HEAVIES, who we recognize, have recognized JIM in the back of the erratic cab.
These people are goddamned Americans making a major stand for freedom of choice. For autonomy.
In the old days a white man in your situation would come to America and if things got hot in America, in the old West days you'd go somewhere else and be someone else. Become Bob Smith, shoe horses in East Asshole, start a new family, no one gives a shit. These days we're all stuck with being who we are and where we are forever. No new world except maybe in the stars when we're all dead. So we deal with where we are and what we are.
Thing about Lamar is he’s from white people land. Grew up in the goddamned Valley. He has a uncle though who is deep in the old neighborhood, in truth defines the neighborhood, in the sense that he's in deep trouble one way or another all the time — much like yourself, but not so volitionally — and if I may say so talks a lot of shit about Lamar, because you see, he’s a lost soul, the uncle, one of America’s poor. You know about America's poor?
Lamar’s a good kid, he doesn’t need any of this shit.
What happened to your face, man?
That Lamar was crooked anyway. Everybody’s ready to be bent, or ready to be straight. Personally I’m ready to be straight. Get myself a avocado farm or a winery. I do what I have to do but I’m not a huge fan of low company. A man can transform his shit.
voyeuristic. The texture within THE FRAME is grainy and coarse. A bed is in the b.g., the lighting is low. Visible IN FRAME, a poster of "Alex de Large," Malcolm McDowell in "Clockwork Orange," false eyelash accentuating his maniacal eye, is set directly over the bed with clear push pins. Megan ENTERS FRAME and sits on the bed... CAMERA BEGINS PULLING BACK REVEALING CAMERA has actually been watching Megan's laptop monitor. An Quicktime file plays beside a fileshare website entitled: EYEJACK. The name of the file is... "CLEMENT UNIVERSITY BITCH IN
Well, then, you're definitely gettin' punked, 'cause he's dead.
Alright gentleman the bottom line is if we don’t finish this race our sponsor is gonna shit a chicken.
Well Dick, I feel a like a fat man
Dear Lord baby Jesus or as our brothers to the south call you, Heyzues. We thank you for this bountiful harvest of fried foods and Pepsi. And I’d also like to thank you for my family; my two beautiful sons, Hank and Williams Jr. And of course my red hot wife, who if you were to rate here ass on a scale of 100, it would easily be a 94.
Well with all due respect sir I had no idea that you recently had gotten experimental surgery to have your balls removed.
Son, that was tear ass driving. Well done.
Stop yelling at me man!
He’s got winning fever bad. Boogity Boggity, this could get hairy.
Look how scared the wussy Doctor is!
Here’s the deal Ricky: that French bastard is ruining our sport. You get back on the track and together we can take him out.
Hold on. Let me find my damn wallet. Come on in. The man looks through the mess of his room while Ricky still stands at the door.
I know he’s a son of a bitch. But Ricky, you need help. You deliver pizza on a bus. You’re better than this and if there’s one thing that selfish bastard knows, it’s driving. Hank and Williams Jr enter wiping sleep out of their eyes.
Do it Dad. Get your balls back. Go fast again.
Alright Dickweed, so what’s the plan?
CUT TO: INT. SMOKEY’S HOUSE OF ASS - CONTINUOUS We hear the voice of Lucius, Ricky’s former crew chief as we see the stage.
I swear to God, if you were twentyyears-old, blonde and a woman, I’d kiss you! They laugh
But you’re not. You’re a 50-yearold, bald black man. They hug.
So what brings Ricky Bobby to Smokey’s House of Ass?
“It” with a God damn capital “I” Ricky Bobby. MUSIC: RUNNING WITH THE DEVIL kicks in hard and powerful.
If I take the outside I’m gonna lose the damn race!!
Holy shit! He did it!!
Define to me what masochism is.
He tried to kill you, Addie. For the insurance. He was in deep. Kiting money from one account to another to keep things covered. He was a no good son of a bitch and he -She touches his lips, shushing him.
Look at this shit! This isn't Paris originals shit; this is KMart shit! I don't get it. Ericksen was a classy guy, right? But this broad dresses like she's on welfare. Something else bothers me. There's nothing personal here. No family pictures. No phone books or old mail or just plain crap she couldn't bring herself to throw away.
You know what I think? I think the girlfriend was the brains behind Ericksen. She's the one who talked him into trying to kill his wife... I think we got one smart, crazy bitch out there. EXT. ADRIENNE'S BEACH HOUSE DECK - NIGHT Gentry stands at the rail staring out to sea. The door slides open behind him. Addie steps out with two windshielded candles and places them on the dining table that's been set up on the deck. She lights each candle, then turns to look at Gentry. Sensing his emotional distance, she comes up behind him, loops her arms through his, then circles him for a kiss. His lips are as cold as marble. Adrienne draws back.
He started seeing her again. he tell you?
Okay. I'm sorry. giving a shit.
Struwwelpeter. She doesn’t understand.
Shaut her!
Your brother is guilty of tax evasion amounting to one million reichsmark, perpetrated by his sugar company. His assets have been frozen and until the full amount is paid the Oberschütze here will be staying with you - from now on you are all under house arrest.
Of course, you are Jews.
a lot of women over
how you blow
that old
you just you
Stockholm
Shit. INT.
How I got into protection work is-KIERNAN --oh, I’m bored already. Because the CIA pays for shit and it’s a shit life and you don’t know if you’re on the right side or not. I’ve got a better question: how come Amelia’s not your girlfriend?
Are you alright and where the hell are you?
That's how it is with sidewalks. People come, people go, and they all drop shit on the ground. As soon as you clean up one spot and move on to the next, the first spot is dirty again.
See you around, fellas.
Watch out, man. You'll get yourself killed like that.
I'd just as soon not have one anyway. I hate those damn things.
I'm off the booze, though. Haven't had a drop in six years. And now I've got me a wife. Doreen. Best damned woman I've ever known.
So things have definitely improved since I got fitted with this hook. If I can just turn this goddamn garage around, I'll be in pretty good shape.
Don't be an ass, Auggie. He's trying to make it up to you, can't you see that?
... If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't. Do you understand what I'm saying? You never know what's going to happen next, and the moment you think you know, that's the moment you don't know a goddamn thing. That's what we call a paradox. Are you following me?
Laugh all you want. I'm telling you there's gonna be a war. With things in Russia falling apart, those slobs in the Pentagon'll be out of work unless they find a new enemy. They got this Saddam character now, and they're going to hit him with all they've got. Mark my words.
Shit. If you can't share your secrets with your friends, what kind of friend are you?Cory. I’m gay.
You’re gay.
You’re not...dude, you’re a TV starBRENDAN
-Mythologically confusing, butBRENDAN -looking at me, and, you know, they talk, everyone in the crew talks, and those bitches all already think I’m gayCORY
It’s not gay to call people bitches.
Are you a man, or yogurt? INT. GAY BAR - MOMENTS LATER Lights flash, music blasts, and it’s a great time; fuck it, YOU want to be at this club. It’s mostly gay men, but there are some lesbians mixed in. Cory and Brendan are at the crowded bar, Brendan trying to keep, his face low. Cory’s taking a shot, while Brendan ignores his.
I’ve never seen this many gay dudes in one place!
You got it dude. night.
How can they gender divide the bathrooms when everyone wants to have sex with everyone, that’s anarchy. It’s anarchy! 10...9...8...7... Brendan. fine.
You’re hardcore.
Dude, what are you-
Oh my god, every time I hear this song, I pretend that I wrote it about this girlCORY Crazy Bitch by Buckcherry, reallyGABBI If the shoe fits. I always imagine that I like- have a band, and can play guitar, and sing, and I perform it and she’s there and it’s like: BAM, DUDE, IN YOUR FACE.
If you’ve been keeping something from us, we’d like to know. Like if you’ve been keeping from us that you were a gay person.
If you’re gay, great, great for you, there’s no hate in this room. There’s no racis- homophobia or whatever, gay is great, gay works great, for millions of people.
All gay guys-
Out gay guys?
In a gay bar!?
Yes you can see here from the angling of the hips, the downturned corners of the mouth, yes, and the hands, up like he’s saying “get this guy off of me,” he is not enjoying this.
Oh come on, don’t be a wuss. Gabbi nods casually to a group of very hot girls on the other side of the street.
Am...I gay?
Hell yeah she does.
Hey, I don’t know if you’re even gonna get this, with the reception up here, but....Yeah, what I did, what I’ve been doing is messed up, and I know you’re like “fuck Cory” this’n’that but...I don’t know, But I...I’m unhappy, dude. After college I had all these plans and ideas about what I was gonna do, and who I was gonna be, and they all just kinda fell apart.
Sounds like a real asshole.
It’s a gay thing?
It’s a gay thing.
Cory, what the hell, man.
Cory says you’re having some trouble with gayness.
I AM ME! IT’S STUPID BUT THAT’S REAL SHIT, SO FUCK EVERYTHING! Standing at the edge of the rock, overlooking the kingdom of Earth, Brendan throws his arms up to the sky. On the soundtrack, we hear the opening to “Circle Of Life” from The Lion King. It’s epic. This is awesome. Gabbi looks up at Brendan, who turns, breathing hard, exhilarated.
You’re...gay?
Yes! I’m gay! I’M GAY! And I’ve been gay, all along! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHACUT TO: Cory and Brendan are sitting high on a rock, drinking Coronas. Brendan’s clearly deep in thought.
We know you’re gay!
I don’t know man.
But you’re like 99% gay though.
...what? I’m gay.
I feel like I just fuckin’- SUPER
If I have to see that bitch one more time this summer... A GIRL next to Gretta drops her backpack to her side and fishes out a field hockey ball from its front pocket.
A FIGURE crashes out of the brush. Eddie falls back. None of ‘em speak as we reveal, Ben. Barely standing before them. Beaten. And bloody. Holy fuck.
With those cuts you have on your chest, I’m not sure if getting in this water-RICHIE Will you stop with the grey water shit. You make it seem like any water we get in is like swimming in an out-house.
BEVERLY
Richie’s right. Bill doesn’t care about anybody but himself. We all have shit too. I’m sick of it. He and Stanley help Richie up.
You’re looking prettied up, Bevvie.
BEVERLY
War & Penis.
We look like a fat Bros.
“Live and breathe music? Know your KLF from your EMF? Worked out what Don McClean’s “American Pie” actually means? D&ME are hiring hip young gunslingers. Show us what you’ve got.” I am none of those things. You should do this.
I’m not a corporate sell-out whore. Those guys only write about what they think is cool. I write about what I love. It just happens that everything I love is cool. Johanna’s not listening. She scrambles out from under the bed, reading a review in D&ME.
Sixteen-year-old girl reviewing the soundtrack to Annie. We thought it was the dicks at NME, winding us up. Well, live and learn.
I guess. Here - you’ve come a long way. Have a free t-shirt. He hands her a t-shirt. It says “Fast Piss Blues - Come” on it. It’s too small. Thank you?
Johanna - are these twats for you? A band walks in, totally incongruous in this domestic environment. Shades. Pointy boots. Glittery blouses.
I OD’d on life, once. Someone blew life right up my arse - like Stevie Nicks. Rich turns his back to block him out, leaning into Johanna.
The thing is, when you start smoking, you think you’ve bought a fun baby dragon. You think you’ve charmed a fabulous beast, that will impress your enemies, and friends. Then, 20 years later, you wake up with your lungs full of cinder, and the bed on fire, and you realise the dragon grew up - and burned your fucking house down. He coughs, and clinks his gin-glass against Johanna’s Coke. Johanna beams and presses “Record” on her cassette-player.
He grabs her by the arm, and pulls her into a pub.
Ten points to you. But if Ulysses’ shoes hurt as much as mine do right now, he’d have fucking loved it. 70
Baby, I’ve put Guns’n’Roses on the jukebox, and you really can’t waste any more time pissing, you know. He puts his hand under hand-dryer. Then realises there is a spare one, next to it. Puts one hand under each dryer stands there with his legs apart, laughing in triumph.
I got these, as well. He brings out 8x10 publicity shots of himself in arty b&w, with his collar up - looking like Phil Collins, and airbrushed to fuck.
I am a massive fan of your bullshit. You are smashing it, hogwash wise.
Okay, so, never have I ever... given a wank. Liar!
I was the wankee - not the wanker. I wouldn’t wank-off a day-boy. So never have I ever given a wank. Everybody else does a shot.
EDUCATE ME? Let’s get one thing straight, right now. I was born dirty. I was imagining having sex with magical lions before you could even talk. I am a Lady Sex Pirate a Swashfuckler - a Lustketeer. Where I come from, you make your own amusement. You rinse every last drop out of every last day because there isn’t anything else. And you know what? That actually makes me better than you. I’ve been chased and humiliated and been utterly alone - and I still got up, put on my lipstick, and wrote every one of you motherfuckers off the page.
Bab, don’t hurt yourself. The bastard world will do that anyway. Angie kisses the top of her head. The rest of the family come into the room. Krissi sits next to her - gestures if it’s okay to look at the cuts and gently peels the dressing back. “U2”?
And now, let’s take the bastards into a jazz break ... Goes off on one, beaming at Johanna.
- “a shit-wizard; a weasel in a waistcoat making musical limescale” was wrong, and I apologise.And to your mother. She did not give birth to Satan. She puts the phone down. Ticks something off the list. We see she has the names of fifty-seven bands on there. Nine have been ticked off. Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Pat and Angie through the kitchen - dancing to a song on the radio. Johanna smiles love! 145
I am! I’ve got a job with The Face I’m going to move down to London when I’m 18 and... go to gay clubs, and... buy a piano.
Then we’ll fuck it up - after 3.30pm. Kite opens the door of a pub - walks in. Johanna stops - and addresses the camera directly.He's a twit!
He's a miserable twit!
I still haven't got this bloody thing off.
God, what an ass.
A LATHE??? Get off the line, Guy.'
I was staying in character.  "Egomaniacal sonofabitch?"
See? NOBODY takes me seriouslv on tn 5 tning.Andy came to Shawshank Prison in early 1947 for murdering his wife and the fella she was bangin'.
Smell my ass...
The wife-killin' banker.
Hey, you nuts? Keep your eyes on your pail!
The colossal prick even managed to sound magnanimous.
Here's the good part. Bugs come out of the walls to get his ass.
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of 'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
Red, I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
Believe what you want. These walls are funny. First you hate 'em, then you get used to 'em. After long enough, you get so you depend on 'em. That's "institutionalized."
Dear Fellas. I can't believe how fast things move on the outside.
The world went and got itself in a big damn hurry.
...by Alexandree Dumb-ass.
C'mon! We're showin' our tools and grinnin' like fools! Take the damn picture!
C'mon there, old boys! Movin' like molasses! Makin' me look bad!
Whatever it was, something lit a fire under that boy's ass.
I'm thinkin' maybe I should try for high school equivalency. Hear you helped some fellas with that.
That's a good start. If we do this, we do it all the way. One hundred percent. Nothing half-assed.
Ass in gear, son! You're putting us behind!
Two points! Right there! There's your goddamn score!
That's crap, son. He's proud of you. Proud as a hen.
Smart fella, ain't he?
A month in the hole. Longest damn stretch I ever heard of.
Thumb up my butt sounds better.
Well, shit.
Dufresne? Get your ass out here, boy! You're holding up the show!
That and a big damn poster.
Andy crawled to freedom through five hundred yards of shit-smelling foulness I can't even imagine. Or maybe I just don't want to.
Hal! Dave! Get your butts in here!
Andy Dufresne, who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side. Andy Dufresne, headed for the Pacific.
I know what you think it means. Me, I think it's a made-up word, a poli- tician's word. A word so young fellas like you can wear a suit and tie and have a job. What do you really want to know? Am I sorry for what I did?
The Kids are TWIN BOYS. They both have blonde hair and green eyes. They’re completely unaware of how privileged their lives will be simply because they were born white and male. The Wife is a bored brunette whose dreams are no bigger than her backyard.
What you mean why ain’t I say something? I had other shit on my mind. They sit there quietly for a beat. Then they see a flash of light. Headlights to be exact.
You’re crazy, man.
Now we talking! Ain’t that where Assata went after she killed that state trooper?
He don’t always deserve it, but he needs us to worship him. Out there he ain’t shit. But in here - he a king. Queen let’s that sink in. She marvels at Goddess’ thin frame as she cleans her leg with precision. In another life Goddess could’ve been a nurse with an affordable mortgage, but in this one she occupies the fantasies of working class men who will never understand how innocent she really is. CUT TO:
Make sure they use the big font. I can’t see shit.
That should cover your gas for most of the way. And the guy at that address will take care of you. His wife ain’t shit, but he’s cool. The address is in Florida.
I want somebody that’s ride or die.
You crazy as hell. Fat Luther was the shit. Who else you know can pull off a jheri curl and a three piece suit at the same damn time? She’s quiet.
You got bigger problems than me.
I can’t believe y’all are here. I was just watching you on TV and now you’re right here next to me. Shit is crazy. Slim remembers what it was like to be Junior’s age. When the weight of the world wasn’t on his shoulders and everything was exciting.
You can stay and die of starvation if you want to - but I’m getting the fuck outta here. Queen lifts the panels up one by one. They both take in the fresh air. They roll from up under the bed. 79
Why y’all acting all scared and shit?
Oh I’m just fucking wit you, playa.
You know the Shepherds? Hell yeah.
Look man, I ain’t got that kind of money. But I got a friend that do.
Live yo life, sis! Then she passes it to Slim. Nudging him to do it. He waves her away at first.
I might have known the bitch could bite! I might have known the cat had claws! I might have guessed your little secret! Ah yes, the virtuous Fantine Who keeps herself so pure and clean - You'd be the cause, I had no doubt Of any trouble hereabout. You play a virgin in the light But need no urging in the night!
Old men, young men, take'em as they come! Harbour rats and alley cats And every kind of scum! Poor men, rich men, leaders of the land - See them with their trousers off, They're never quite as grand! All it takes is money in your hand!
Tell me quickly what's the story. Who saw what and why and where? Let him give a full description, Let him answer to Javert! In this nest of whores and vipers Let one speak who saw it all. Who laid hands on this good man here? What's the substance of this brawl?
Javert, would you believe it? I was walking, it was dark When this prostitute attacked me You can see she's left her mark!
Before you say another word, Javert, Before you chain me up like a slave again, Listen to me! There is something
My band of soaks, My den of dissolutes, My dirty jokes, my always pissed as newts, My sons of whores, Spend their lives in my inn! Homing pigeons homing in - They fly through my doors, And their money's as good as yours!
As for the rest - All of them crooks Rooking the guests And cooking the books. Seldom do you see Honest men like me A gent of good intent Who's content to be -
She's gone with a gent, Didn't tell us where they went, Didn't leave his home address.
It's your brat Eponine! Don't you know your own kid? Why's she hanging about here? 77.
Eponine, get on home! You're not needed in this. We're enough here without you.
Go home, Eponine! Go home, you're in the way!
Eponine! What have you done?
Eponine, you're hurt! You need some help!
Make'em pay through the nose!
Make'em pay for every man!
Ain't it a laugh? Ain't it a treat? Hob-nobbin' here Among the elite? Here comes a prince There goes a Jew This one's a queer But what can you do?
Gerard, you can be such an asshole!
You slimeball! I’ll tell Juliette on you. She was beginning to like you.Yah no free man. And yah ain't from Saratoga. Yah from Georgia. A moment. Not a word spoken among the trio, but Solomon and Burch do some serious eye fucking, neither man yielding. Burch says again:
I seen a good many of the black kind just where yah're. Sick. Make me sick. Often times the situation was resolved, and I think; what was all the beatin' and abuse for? Things end as they should, and the violence was for naught. So why cause trouble when they ain't no cause for it? Be of a cooperative nature, and things don't need be particularly unpleasant.
Keep your heads up. A sense of direction; that's how you look smart. None of those saucer eyes. Rid yourself of that smile. Look like a goddamn grinnin' monkey. Put the least thought in your head. C'mon, now. Think of somethin'. Weary of Cape's playing, Solomon moves to Cape. He asks:
A damn sight better than you, Cape. A damn sight better. Cape looks bitter as Solomon plays on.
He is a slaver.
Five hundred twelve. Yah men folk got no shame lettin' Patsey out pick yah? The day ain't yet come she swung lower than five hundred pounds. Queen of the fields, she is.
One hundred thirty eight pounds for Phebe.
You will sell the negress!
Sitting on the Grand house's Piazza, Patsey is having tea with MISTRESS HARRIET SHAW, WHO IS A BLACK WOMAN. Though once a slave, she is now comparatively refined though not wholly so. The table where they sit is adorned with white linens, and they are attended by a HOUSE NIGGER. It makes for a tranquil surreal scene.
Of yer misbegotten ways.
Seen nothin' but her turn away.
I don't care nothin' fer the damn Bayou. I'm sufferin'. Epps looks among his slaves at work, his enmity growing.
Two of my massas tolt me.
I'm sure in time y'll develope as a picker, but it takes effort, boy. Put some damn effort into it.
letters and tries to get white fellows to mail 'em. Solomon, hardly missing a beat, plays this off.
You like to hear yourself talk, Bass, better than any man I know of. Yah'd argue that black was white, or white black if anybody would contradict you. A fine supposition if yah lived among Yankees in New England. But yah don't.
Talk, Damn you!
I got this from Mistress Shaw. Mistress Epps won't even grant me no soap ta clean with. Stink so much I make myself gag. Five hundred pounds 'a cotton day in, day out. More than any man here. And 'fo that I will be clean; that all I ax. Dis here what I went to Shaw's 'fo.
You lie!
You tell him I think he's a damn fool, Ed. You tell him I said so - H.I. McDunnough. And if he wants to discuss it he knows where to find me...
Ree-peat O-fender.
No Sir, it sure ain't. That's one bonehead name. But that ain't me anymore.
The pizazz had gone out of our lives.
...8:45 in the p.m. I'm gonna be down to the store in exactly twelve hours to kick me some butt!
Christian Dior my butt...
Fuckin' kids, I love 'em.
Don't you cuss around him.
And don't you cuss around him.
Aw, he don't know a cuss word from shinola.
Miz McDunnough.
Well now H.I., looks like you been up to the devil's bidnis!
Yeah: Watch yer butt.
I dunno, they were jammies! They had Yodas'n shit on 'em!
...Shit man, loosen up! Don't ya get it?
Hear about the person of the Polish persuasion he walks into a bar holdin' a pile of shit in his hands, says "Look what I almost stepped in."
Ya damn right it's funny! Shit man, what's the matter?
...No man, I know what you mean. You got all kinds a responsibilities now. You're married, ya got a kid, looks like your whole life's set down and where's the excitement?
Okay. Now it might not look like it, but lemme tell you something: She's a hellcat.
Son, you got a panty on your head.
And here you are sittin' around on your butt playin' house with a - don't get me wrong, H.I., with a fine woman - but a woman who needs the button-down type.
Smalls, first off, take your damn feet off m'furniture. Second off, it's widely known I posted a twenty grand reward for my boy. If you can find him, claim it. Short of that what do we got to talk about?
...Sure, you're an awful big man when you got somethin' around to clobber a guy with!
All right you hayseeds, it's a stick- up! Everbody freeze! Everbody down on the ground!
Well which is it young fella? You want I should freeze or get down on the ground? Mean to say, iffen I freeze, I can't rightly drop. And iffen I drop, I'm a gonna be in motion. Ya see -
Wanna fill that sack, pardner? We got - shit!
Goddamnit! Ya never leave a man behind!
Goddamnit H.I., ain't we got enough to contend with?
Gimme that baby, you warthog from hell!
...I ain't through with you. What're you doin' creepin' around here in the dark? You in with Smalls?
You play cribbage with a weasel.
When I was 9. Gideon Grey was a jerk, who happened to be a fox. I know plenty of bunnies who are jerks.
Hey kids! Don't you run through that midnicampum holicithias!
Hey, if it isn't Flopsy the Copsy.
Ice this weasel.
The weasel wasn't lying.There's an old joke. It comes from "The Iliad," but I think it was popularized by Oscar Wilde. It goes like this: ...A bear's taking a shit, like, out in the woods one day. And he sees this rabbit, also taking a shit. The rabbit, wait, I mean, the bear, he's shitting up a storm, cuz he's been eating Mexican. The wiping's taking forever, and his shit keeps sticking to his fur. Wait, what happens next? Oh, right-- he asks the rabbit if he ever has trouble wiping. The rabbit says no, shit just slides right off him. So the bear picks the rabbit up and wipes his ass with him.
Man, you're worse at picking up chicks than me. We are one sad couple of bozos.
Ow! Shit! Ow!
Using Ani DiFranco to get laid. I've gotta try that.
You gotta admit, it's fucking cheap for a movie to refer to other movies.
See, this is what I'm talking about. If you don't go hit on her, I will.
You just call me a hippie?
What-the-heck.
This is a nice place. Ritzy. Interesting mix of people here, you've got these men with their suits, taking their waitress girlfriends out to impress them into bed, because they can't get them any other way. Really, as if a fast car can ever make up for a small dick.
I know what you mean, financial aid is a bitch. And the university experience itself is kind of disappointing. All those rich students with no idea how lucky they are. But I don't think about them. I think about me, I think about where I want to be someday: a world traveler, running some huge company, or, you know, doing some fantastically important work. And when the day comes that I can relax, I'm going to charter a boat, sail around the world, and see the Seven Wonders.
So, uh, as I was saying... Um. My friends. Yeah. My friends are weird. Shit.
Since Scott joined a video club, we've got a lot of shitty movies you'll ever Oo, here's Buffalo `66, that's a need. great flick.
Something similar once happened to me, except I didn't know Nashville Pussy was a band.
What are you talking about? It's a fucking textbook.
Jesus.. Exwaa pats him a'couple times on the shoulder.
okay, well I'm from the United States, and I want to give that girl a penis mask.
Look. Scottie's got a gay nipple.
Oh yeah. That nipple is definitely more gay.= You can tell by the way it wants to get legally married to' the other nipple.
You know who else-is hot? Your girlfriend.
NO. Yes. Over there. Vanessa. Is her name. ANGLE ON- Vanessa, by the beer, talking to a bunch of other girls. She sees Adam and makes a kissy-mouth.
Oh. I got too much boob izi .my mouth.
At-least I know my gay dads aren't going to eat out my ex--girlfriend.
You don't live . in LA'.
I've been living here 'fot ' 4 8 . hours . You were throwing up for three of them. I've never seen anyone puke like you puked. You  puked .with passion.. It was like watdhiiig Faulkner write "As.I Lay Dying."
You have a weird sex face.
.What's my sex face?
Fine. But you have about-45 seconds to get your shit together.
These are my two gay Dads
Eat my ass.- She throws a piece of food at him. ..He catches it.
You don't suck. Just.keep doing it.
I think I'll goout onsome dates.
I don't know,. there must. be some biological reasoning, like assholes -used to be the better hunters or. something.
So do you always kiss ass?
-But you are as crazy as-these. people.
who's got' the crazier-family?
You're jealous.
-So I think your balls are going to be fine.
Some other ho.
No, deez nuts.
Interesting artwork.   You look bloody awful.In this hall we shall feast and tell of victories. In this hall shall the scops sing their sagas. And in this hall we shall divide the spoils of those conquests, the gold and treasure. This shall be a place of merrymaking and joy and fuck from now until the end of time.
For Unferth, my wisest advisor, violator of virgins and boldest of brave brawlers-where the hell are you, Unferth, you weasel-faced bastard? Unferth--! At 3
The country folk hereabouts have a very amusing saying about that. "You wish into one hand, and shit into the other, see which fills up first."
Yrsa sticks her tongue out at Hondshew. toothed smile at her.
The prettiest of the virgins, she was the fairest swede! I told her I'd an urgin', for where to spend my seed!
The oldest of the virgins, she was a Vandal lass! I showed my mighty weapon, and she showed me her ass!
There was a girl from Iceland, And she was mighty hot! She'd take a whole damn iceberg, To cool her burning tw--
Save some for us, Hondshew! We've got pricks that need a waxin', as well!
Oh, Guthric. Yes. His father was in my warship, long before you were born. Hotheaded young idiot...not like his father. What does he want now?
He's a young hot-head. in time.
Listen to me man-thing. I have something I want to tell you. Listen with care. I
In fact, I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture. I said, "I'll show you where they have some nice furniture." .. I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn't get there. And she was married. It is documentary feeling.. we see an OLDER WOMAN, AfricanAmerican, staring out through a cafe window and an OFFICE WORKER striding to work with earpods, trainers, smart dress... we track WOMEN who pass by.. Jodi Kantor dictates a text into her phone.
VADIM
VADIM
Okay gang. Here we go with The Whole Damn Story.. Rebecca gathers herself, triumphant..
Okay.. You have fifteen minutes to speak.. No more. Megan watches as a cacophony of voices interact, including Weinstein’s. It is surreal, they are talking absolute shit.
Don't think so. But they sure did a real number on your office. Crap everywhere.
They've all taken sex ed.
Tee-peeing a house, yes. A bag of burning shit on a porch, maybe. Digging up tombstone? I don't think so. Carter shrugs his shoulders, take a drag off his cigarette.
from outside her office.
Go to hell!Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work.
Release the Sardaukar.  Baron... give this little abomination to the storm.Oi reckon as she's liftin' Sir, if you feels like putting your éad down.
Belay there ye poxed son of a whore!
Sharp now with that fancy-line! To the clew line from the reef points, Cully, double up and run her back again!
He's beating inshore.
Killick? Killick there. KILLICK appears.
Which it's, Soused Hoggs-Face.
Boneparte Boneparte That red-faced son of an old French fart Hey ho, stamp and go Stamp and go, stamp and go Hey ho, stamp and go
'Pon my life. He who would pun would pick a pocket. Dýe not smoke it doctor?
Killick. Killick, there.
Well, it's an unfortunate business, Hollom. Damned unfortunate.
Red hell...
Well I will not hear them! From you or anyone. You understand! Things are as they are for good or bad whether or not they have a place in your damned papist philosophy. If you are here to make music then sit down and play. If not be gone, for you have come to the wrong shop for anarchy!
What's a duppie?
...and we have no time for your damned hobbies, sir!
You've got good eyes, Hogg.
Diamond lane that shit. We got four. Baby holds the gas down, tearing up the far left, swerving only to overtake cars observing the speed limit. As the guitar solo goes up in register. Bats seesTHE RED FORD PICKUP is behind and gaining. Baby is boxed in by rigs. Allowing the Pickup to get close.
C’mon pussies. Let’s go go go. J.D. is lagging again, having run back to retrieve a gun from the Avalanche. Bats mutters again at the gang klutz. J.D’s Austin Powers masks FALLS OFF as he races to the Accord. He quickly picks it up off the street and jumps in.
She’s got all the songs. ‘Mary, Mary where you going to’, ‘Proud Mary keep on burning’, ‘Mary, you shouldn’t let ‘em make you mad’. She’s got me beat. Again. She’s got endless songs. I got one. Two.
My uncle used to be a movie nut. And we used to ride together, pulling off liquor stores. He was my road dog. And he used to say we should get chase music ready next time we get in a chase. I say like what? He says get the chase music from Bullitt. He was way into Steve McQueen, not Queen. And so I goes into some record store and I pocket me the Bullitt soundtrack. And guess what? We can’t find the track. Know why? There is no fucking chase music in Bullitt. It’s just the noise of the car.
He needs to swagger in like he’s got one. Let ‘em know we ain’t a bunch of pussies. Darling excluded of course. Oh please.
Well hell, I like it. It’s funny.
“I’m never ever gonna quit. Cause quittin’ just ain’t my schtick.” In the middle of this pop standoff, Debora breathes fast.
I know. I ain’t open.
Do you like it? Debora almost smiles, catches herself. What is she doing, with the strange kid, who looks fucked up, driving off into the horizon? She is still in the waitress outfit. It’s crazy.Boy, I froze my ass
aere now. None of that shit, boys. This here's the Christmas season!
prissing
Why hell, come on you the poolhall.
Sonny, you drive that Plymouth in for me -- we got to get this man to jail.
arrestin' you.
Chester, see if y'can stretch that Goddamn thing a little. You know, a man never oughta ch~at 'cept in a good cause.
over her yet -- it's the damndest thing. That's the only reason me and you got into it that time. Reckon she likes it down in Dallas? SONNY
Mrs Roach has Parkingsuns, that’s why she shakes all the time like she’s dancing. Samuel-
Listen to him.  "Watch the suit," he says.  A little pisser I've known all my life.  Hey, Tommy, don't go get too big.
Don't go busting my balls. Okay?
Busting his balls?
A guy gets half a load on.  He mouths off.
My God!  You look like a gangster.
For us to live any other way was nuts. To us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks, who took the subway to work every day and worried about their bills, were dead. They were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something, we just took it. If anyone complained twice, they got hit so bad they never complained again. It was routine. You didn't even think about it.
And, finally, when there's nothing 1 left, when you can't borrow another buck from the bank or buy another case of booze, you bust the joint out.
You gotta help me. Okay? This girl I told you about? Diana? She's from the Five Towns. She's Jewish. She won't go out with me alone. Can you believe this shit? She's fucking prejudiced, but she's built. She's never been out with an Italian before. She says she'll only go out on a double date with her girlfriend.  You believe this shit? But you gotta see her. I mean, she's beautiful.
After a while, it all got to be normal. None of it seemed like crimes. It was more that Henry was enterprising. That he and the guys were making a few bucks hustling, while other men were sitting on their asses waiting for handouts. Our husbands weren't brain surgeons. They were blue collar guys, and the only way they could get extra money, real extra money, was to go out and cut a few corners.
Tommy! You gonna take that shit from a punk?
We lived alone, we owned the joint. Even those hacks who we couldn't bribe would never rat on the guys who did.
Don't make me a fool. You know what I mean, from now on, you gotta be careful. Just don't mess around with that shit, and watch out for Jimmy. Jimmy's a good earner, but he's sometimes too hungry. He's wild.  He does foolish things. Jimmy is not a businessman. As good as he is, he takes too many chances.
Lifetime. We'll be rich. No more nut every week. I've been cultivating this thing for two years.
Except to stop busting my balls.
It's the highest honor they can give you. It means you belong to a family and a crew. It means that nobody can fuck around with you. It also means you can fuck around with anybody, as long as they aren't also a member. It's like a license to steal.
Right away I knew he didn't want them. I knew I was going to get stuck for the money. I only bought the damn guns because he wanted them. And now, he didn't want them. I didn't say a thing. Jimmy was so pissed he didn't even say goodbye.
A pain in the ass.
Why do you mess with him?
Easy for you to say. You got a royal flush.
Very funny, wiseass.
What an asshole. His mom gave me cookies, though.
I told you, that makes me nervous. Me no likey.
Nothing, you bad girl.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You little minx.
Get off me.
Bighead.
We ain't all like those assholes downstairs y'know. All I want is to raise my child good.
Do you kriow anything about that?
No ... a retard.
t:.hink?
HELF ME!!
If you are a climber, jumper, caver, you have to just do it and not give a fuck or the thing that is bigger than you will get you.
American porn.
JUST LIGHT THE FUCKING FLARE. JUNO reluctantly strikes up a WHITE flare and holds it up, illuminating the entire wall of the cavern.
Beth you’re a fucking genius!
Usually the nut jobs are on the train, not driving it.
Because you really like this dude! I’ve never seen you like this.
If you’re so smart, what are you doing back here, Charlie? Big fish, small pond syndrome? Were you just a tiny douchebag fish at BU? Charlie clenches his fists. He gets right in Daniel’s face.
Don’t worry ‘bout your mother. She don’t mean it, man.
Dude, what the hell happened to you? Did you get robbed?
So? If it’s in the stars, nothing can stop it. Even your clumsy, nogame-having ass, can’t fuck up this good thing if it really was sent down from Zeus or whoever.Yo dickheads! INT./EXT. NICK’S RANGE ROVER - DAY Bridget sits in front, Emma in back. Nick hands out lattes.
It’s Christmas Day, Bitty, you aughta be with your family.
Dammit, Nicholas, knew you’d be smokin’ again with that bar.
Got on the commuter. Rode the damn thing back and forth ‘til the conductor screwed his eyeballs in.
Goddamn hospital. Goddamn teenage doctors. He pulls his keys out and approaches a black ‘59 4-seat Thunderbird Convertible and opens the trunk. Bridget gapes.
Whassa matter with you?
No. Uncle Nicky’s a dick.
In my pants.
Why not? What do you think I got goin’ on here? I got my life savings is dumped into this business and I’m barely making payroll, I got the fire department and the health department double, triple fining me for the same shit I didn’t even do, I got a barback stealing tips and then - and then I’m filling Mom and Dad’s prescriptions. I’m picking up their dry cleaning. I’m taking ‘em to church. He downs his drink.
Here we go now. Put your big girl pants on.
Oh you’re here plenty. You got a family, the girls need you, Eddie needs you, you got that job. You’re halfway across the country for chrissake.
Nah. She was always a pain in the ass. Gettin’ her Irish up, stompin’ around all red in the face about God knows what.
Says Dommie.
Old Big Butt Bitty. Nicky.
She’s flippin’ off people in church for chrissake, she’s drinking the holy water! So?
Jimmy Laciak is holding spots. It’s a big ass favor, he was supposed to have the paperwork two days ago.
Sit down Ruth, you got dye all over you. Drink your Ensure. She sticks her tongue out at him.
You got fat.
It’s the best goddamn memory care in Chicago! Jimmy skipped a six month waiting list for you! Bert turns. As he pulls his coat on:
Lemme tell you something. Those pictures on the tree in there? Tellin’ her how she takes her coffee, how many ice cubes she likes in her scotch? That’s memory care. I was there for every damn memory she made the last sixty years, and if I wasn’t there I had to hear about it thirty-seven times. So I’m the best memory care in Chicago. I bathe her, I feed her, I give her her pills, I wipe her ass and I do it a helluva lot better than some aide who doesn’t give one goddamn hoot about who she spent 60 years becoming. He puts his cap on.
Well if you’re gonna do it at least look cool for chrissake. Here. He adjusts the cigarette in her fingers. She tries it.
She’s a hypocrite.
RIP.E'ER
O'COmTOR,wearing Bermuda shorts, lied under a. sunlam-p, his eyes protected by d.ark gl.asses. His unifor:n hangs in tb.e oack:g::-ound. cl.ad iIL a. bir....ni,
General Fa.ceman, a.=e tb.are aZJ.:y '.:nits stationed a.c.Y'-'7b.er!3 o.:aa.r 3u:-:;;elson?
G-enera.l enter t'l:ls base, locate Ripper a.c.d imm.ediately pu.t b.im into witb. me. telephone contact
ib.ank you, no.
say tb.a.t I do.
slowly to his feet. Various ad. libs: "Well that cuts it! 11 , :md "Why that commie punk:! II•
JT:1u1 ~::iaz:i!:t:1 ' T. J.
.?our - possi'.Jl:r su months i.."'1the ?fort.::.or.: ae~is~he=es. ?erha,s ~ 7e~r in tho Souther.: l~titudes. 11'0?!I!.UTZ
Well, we ain't from no bank, young feller.
How ya been, Wash? Been what, twelve, thirteen year'n?
Got a bunch in yon byurra.  Mrs. Hogwallop's, matter of fact. Hepyaseff; I won't be needin' 'em.
The hell you say! Wash is kin!
BARNBURNIN' COCKROACHES-
You should be in bed, little fella.
Well, I'll be a sonofabitch. Delmar's been saved!
Delmar what the hell are you talking about? - We got bigger fish to fry-
How ya doin', boy? Name's Everett, and these two soggy sonsabitches are Pete and Delmar. Keep your fingers away from Pete's mouth-he ain't had nothin' to eat for the last thirteen years but prison food, gopher, and a little greasy horse.
I wudden usin' it.
Sir, we are Negroes. All except our a-cump- uh, company-accompluh- uh, the fella that plays the gui-tar.
Hot damn, boy, I almost believe you did sell your soul to the devil!
We ain't one-at-a-timin' here, we mass communicatin'!
Oh, yes, assa parful new force.
Visit those foreclosin' sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
Damn! We gotta skedaddle!
The hell it ain't square one! Ain't no one gonna pick up three filthy unshaved hitchhikers, and one of 'em a know-it-all that can't keep his trap shut!
Pete, the personal rancor reflected in that remark I don't intend to dignify with comment, but I would like to address your general attitude of hopeless negativism. Consider the lilies a the goddamn field, or-hell!- take a look at Delmar here as your paradigm a hope.
GEORGE NELSON! NOT BABYFACE! YOU REMEMBER AND YOU TELL YOUR FRIENDS! I'M GEORGE NELSON, BORN TO RAISE HELL!
Oh I remember 'em, colored fellas I believe, swell bunch a boys, sung into yon can and skedaddled.
Hot damn, we gotta find those boys! Sign 'em to a big fat contract! Hell's bells, Mr. Lunn, if we don't the goddamn competition will!
Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an' turned him into a horney- toad!
It's nothin' but a damn toad!
Believe me, Delmar, he would've wanted us to press on. Pete, rest his soul, was one sour-assed sonofabitch and not given to acts of pointless sentimentality.
He ain't lyin'!
You know them gals, Everett?
Hell I ain't! Whatsis 'Wharvey' gals? - Your name's McGill!
Buyin' nipples!
S'cuse me...
Stokes is pullin' ah pants down.
Gonna pluck us off the tit.
Suckin' away.
We could hire us a little fella even smaller'n Stokes's.
Ass right.
Well now, I don't believe assa property scription.
Well, I believe it's mawva kickin' sichation.
Pullin' ah pants down...
Quitcha babblin' Pete - time to skedaddle.
Awful sorry I betrayed you fellas; must be my Hogwallop blood.
I couldn't wait two weeks! She's gettin' married tomorra!
We aim to pull evil up by the root! Before it chokes out the flower of our culture'n heritage! And our women! Let's not forget those ladies, y'all, lookin' to us for p'tection! From darkies! From Jews! From Papists! And from all those smart-ass folk say we come descended from the monkeys!  That's not my culture'n heritage!
Tommy, you don't wanna get hanged!
Assa good idea, Pappy.
Tuscarora? Might be. I b'lieve they is.
No, this is gonna work! I just gotta get close enough to talk to her. Takin' off with us is got a lot more future in it than marrying a guy named Waldrip.  I'm goddamn bona fide. I've got the answers!
They're my daughters, Penny! I'm the king a this goddamn castle!
Yeah, you'll be laughin' out the other side your face come November.
Hot damn! Itsa Soggy Bottom Boys!
These boys is not white! These boys is not white! Hell, they ain't even ol'-timey! I happen to know, ladies'n gentlemen, this band a miscreants here, this very evening, they interfered with a lynch mob inna performance of its duties!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Is you is or is you ain't my constichency?
Is you is or is you ain't -
Is the marriage off then, Miz Wharvey?
Ain't gonna be no weddin'.
No weddin'.
sits alone at a table up front. She has a dynamite body and nobody knows it better than she does. She crosses to the bar,'eating up the attention but coolly ignoring the stream of lines tossed her way ... PAT the bartender pours it, takes her money. Pat's a smug, smarmy dark-haired punk, about 30. The hired help at the Double Deuce seem to stay away from direct contact with the guy whenever possible. A BARFLY tries his luck on the Body.
You work one mean axe, my man.
We heard you were comin', man. This toilet's worse than the one we worked in Dayton.
I must'a had a thousand people look at that room this past year. No phone, no television, no conditioned air, no tolerance for the fragrance of horse shit. Nobody wanted it. How come you do?
Venus de Milo with tits.
Once one of these tough guys has beat on somebody bad enough they're out of it, they hook this in the guy's nostril and rip the front of his nose out. That way he'll always remember who did him, or so the melody goes.
chief; laughs) Like hell.
You· know something Owen: you steal from me? You gonna be singin' just like him.
Nice. Jesus.
Got a guy here who's makin' me
Oh, my, that pain's a bitch, ain't it? Jack and Hank exchange a look of astonishment as Dalton shows -- Garrett straightens his knee ... heads back over to the bar, passing Dalton on the way -- who reacts with expected surprise ...
I thought this shit was DALTON
She's a wigwam!
Oh my god, you are just mi-nute!
Oh my god. You're black.
I was thinking of putting you with Cookie Puss and the Chicago cousins because they always get really drunk and need wrangling.
Whatever.
Sidney, you're a nice young man. You make a lot of money and the world is your oyster. But you don't know shit about loading a dishwasher.
He's breakin' out the whup ass!
Aaaah! Fuck! She is dressed in her Sari and huge gold earrings and looks beautiful, despite a lack of sleep. Seeing her bashed up sister framed in the doorway, Rachel fights tears. She loses.
I was thinking about getting her a cat. Cats are really annoying. At some point you have to deal with them, right? Or they starve to death and piss on your sheets.
Priss say something!
Where’s Priss? 25
Against Priss? I’d never win.
Priss, who’s so pretty and sweet?
Are you gay?
Priss dumped you? No.
I know it sounds crazy, but if I did help you disentangle from Frank, isn’t that for the best? Frank was unworthy of you, Violet -you must know that. Let’s be honest, he’s an idiot, a moron. How would it have been, your whole life attached to a dope like that? Priss?
Ya kiddin'l
this bum coming over here and trying to make us look bad. They try every other way, but this time we'll make them look pitiful
rhe Russians
Think ya got enough
dyin'l
his asslll
The ~nager,
DUD
I know how this plays out. First you move in together, next you start a family-RODRIGUEZ If you think I’d ever trade in my badge for a baby stroller, then fuck you, Vic. Vic beams, almost like a proud father.
Shit. Losing a partner is the worst thing that can happen to a cop. You should grab a beer with Nathanson in Homicide. He’s been through it. Or Grabowsky in Major Crimes. Or O’Toole in Special Ops. Watkins in Gang Division. Or Lopez in Animal Control. Or Cho in Animal Control. Or Jackson in Animal Control.
What? Stuber? You drive a fucking Uber. That name is genius.
Surgery was a bitchin’ success. Vic hates banter. Feels around for his eyeglasses.
The thing is, you know, I don’t fit into that scene. I’m a ballpark and Budweiser guy. And like you said, with my vision I don’t think I could appreciate your paintings-NICOLE My paintings?! Jesus Christ, I’m a fucking sculptor.
HA! You know I can dig that. Yeah, you keep that ass warm for Leon. Vic hangs up.
You don’t shit about me. I can hold my own. I was a Webelos, man. I’m talking Arrow of Light.
Two goddamn minutes I ask! Vic holsters the gun. Then drops to a knee, rolls Amo over. He’s still alive, wincing in pain. Bad flesh wound.
Yo I’m about to be rich, homie.
The tryptich of the penises is a divine revelation.
I-- I can’t believe-- You’re here. You actually came! Her eyes are so full of hope and love. She gives him a hug. Vic takes a beat, trying to choose the right words. Then-VIC I gotta take a shit.
You know those Choose Your Adventure books? The ones you read when you’re a kid? I feel like my life has become a series of choosing the shitty option. The safe option. Every time.
The kind who likes to be prepared when shit hits the fan.
Yeah, asshole, we need to think outside the box.
Stuber? Is that you? Stu turns to see TJ, his dickhead boss.
What’s that, big fella?
Look at that. I can almost read the whole damn chart.
For, ya know. Making me look like a badass.
Isn’t that what cops do when shit hits the fan? Call for back-up?
Do you know why I took this job Ubering assholes around? Because I wanted to be able to buy you a 1.7 carat diamond engagement ring.
Gustavo! Guard this door with your fucking life. “Gustavo” nods and stands there, AK-47 at the ready. Santos sprints off down the hallway. We catch-GLIMPSES of her and her men kicking down doors, searching every room in the compound, guns drawn!
No. Boring. And a bloke.
Well I'm going to sort that out. After a week I'll have him sounding like a chicken without a wasp up its arse.
But...okay, Judy's lubricated horse cock aside for one moment....
I did it through sheer bloody hard work.
It's my paper. On the war. Pros and Cons of the war. But I came up with too many cons. The pro-war guys have started calling me `Connie'. So, yes I'm fucking worried. My career's on the line.
No you're right. I should be thanking you for not throwing up. Well done. You're a star. You didn't wet yourself, you're in the right city, you didn't say anything overtly racist, you didn't pull your dick out and start plucking it and shouting 'willy banjo'. No I'm being unfair, you got so much right. Without actually being there for the beginning of one of the biggest meetings of my career. You're a legend.
I've just had a briefing from a 9-year- old finalist in Americas got talent. I think he may have been a ventriloquist. Or possibly the fucking dummie.
Great, meeting my constituents. It's like being Simon Cowell, but without the ability to say, `Fuck off, you're mental.'
Yeah well excuse me if at this time of national crisis I don't sit with a thumb up my ass flipping through Time magazine eating pop tarts?
Look, according to the paperwork there's four metric tons of of shit under there. That's not all me, is it? I'm not a flipping elephant am I?
Okay, Simon, I'll try to keep it brief because I can see you're a busy man. There's a bloke out there wants to make it illegal to talk in a foreign language in shops.
Course, I read it. I'm a voracious reader. I'm the fucking Gore Vidal of the Pentagon.
You see this is why we never got together. That and the hobo teeth.
Okay, that's enough of the fucking Oxbridge pleasantries.
Right, Butch and Gaydance, this wall story is playing badly.
Little Bo Cock Jockey
What the fuck, Malcolm. This is all going to spin along from here and we have a vote and we go to war. We fight people, and kill them, and our kids get killed, and that's exactly the sort of thing I didn't want to do when I went into politics. That's the opposite of what I want to be doing.
Listen, We've got evidence harder than a diamond dildo. We have intelligence so deep and hard it would fucking puncture your kidneys.There's an informant, `Ice Man', OK? The stuff he's giving us? It'll make your blood run cold. And clot. Your insides will turn to black pudding.
Has she got big tits?
No, see, because I'm upfront about what I do. I don't creep around like some fucking gay mercenary doing other people's dirty work. Page 98
This is great shit. I wasn't sure you had the nerve. You're resigning?
This takes balls Karen.
You've got balls Sir. Anyone can see you've got big balls. They're two-thirds of a snowman.
Eh, screw it.
Hey man, I ain't my leper's schlepper.
Zophtic.
Damn, this is a righteous chick, Jim.
Wait, Ty.  This is our chance to make it big and I mean really big. We don't have to be dealin' in no petty-ass pieces all our lives.  We play it right an' we can get a pound of pure, but if we get wasted we'll fuck it up.
I'm sorry for being such a bastard.
Hey, Ma, you droppin' uppers?
Ah doan' know, man.  Mah mom died when ah was eight, but I remember she was one groovy woman.  She have seven kids, Jim, an she was all big like an' all the time singin' and smilin'.  She have a big chest like this and she used to cuddle me, Jim, an' ah remember how good it felt in there an' how sweet she smell.  You know, she sing an' it make you feel good all ovuh, jus' like dope.
Yeah, but it's a long-ass walk, man.
We were hipped to a dude that's holding some weight, but he ain't sellin'.
Oh, you strictly a dope fien'?
You mean you not going to count what's there but you just going to be puttin' it in your pocketbook and just walk out in the street? Damn!  You sure haven't been around long, baby.
Lookit, there be one place you can stash ol' doogie without you worrying about it be accidently getting in the wrong hands, you dig? Ain't no purse snatcher or mugger going to rip you off there, baby.
Tits.
His dads are gay!
So lick my balls.
I’M JUST FUCKING WITH YOU, BRO. He pulls it out from underneath the counter. They breathe a sigh of relief.
She was murdered by a mugger in Ottawa.
My dads are gay! Of course I’m woke!
Goddammit, Scottie, stop fighting me on everything.
Hey, sport, don't pay any attention to that guy. That guy's a dope.
It's work that's totally unnecessary. You don't have to do anything. Nobody's forcing you to clean and buy a new outfit and think of some goddamn theme cocktail. We can just invite people over last minute and drink whatever we have and hang out. It's more fun that way, anyway.
Dude, your wife is dying and then you find out she's been stepping out on you? That's harsh.
I know goddamn well what it says. Says she doesn't want everyone waiting around while she spoils like milk. Says if the doctors can't do squat, she'd just as soon get on with it.
You suck, Sid.
Sid, shut up.
Dammit, Scottie, no Reina.
You all know Elizabeth -- she always likes to do things on her own. Goddammit.
We don't really talk about our like "issues." We just, I don't know, we deal with our shit by talking about other stuff and having a good time.
yucking it up at the BAR with other REGULARS.
Yeah, yeah, real determined son-of-a- bitch. He's Lou's sister's... No, wait. Lou has a sister, and the sister's husband... Lou's brother-in- law is cousins with that guy.
Yeah, that's right. Determined son-of- a-bitch. Anyway, the point is the guy we're doing business with is that guy's brother-in-law. Works for him.
Give `em hell, boss.
Man, that guy's a prick.       Was he always like that?
What're you doing, Matt? I mean, we know you have a lot on your plate right now, but you're not going to fuck this up for us. It's over. If we don't sell now, it'll be a mess when the trust dissolves. Just sign, go to your wife, done.
But it's utterly unproductive land. It doesn't generate enough income to pay the goddamn taxes.
'When you're a Jet, If the shit hits the fan, You got brothers around, You're a family man...'
I heard her busting your balls.
So? From the look of 'em, some of those broads haven't seen the old salcicc' in a long time. It's good for them.
It's not shit, Paul. My point is, when you're a child, you think anything is possible. Wouldn't it be great to think like that now?
Why you talkin' like that?
Mate? I don't believe this! You're an English guy? You ain't even Italian.
Hey, you're as good as most of the bums I see around here. They have this part. You could do it.
Can't really talk right now, mate. Headin' out.
Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.
Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.
Okay, this is big and we only get one shot at it; and there's only about a million ways this fuckin' thing can go bad, so listen up. Vitti pulls a street map to the center of the table and taps a spot downtown.
Oh, I'm not into that, fellas.
You!
Deacon looks back at Roger.
Whatever.
That was really funny. Deacon just looks at them, pissed.
He's got a point, Deacon.
That name sucks.
Sorry, Balls. I guess I'm still new at this.
Why are you boys dressed like Don Ho?
Yeah, for ass-wranglers.
Deacon, standing a little too close to him.
Holy shit! Deacon high-fives the other two. They're all stoked.
Damn right you will.
I need to give him a goddamn medal.
You Greitzer?
Dudes, come on. My nuts are getting cold.
You know, you can be a real dick sometimes. Then, Fred smiles. Deacon knows they're cool with each other.
These guys are pornographers! It's Jake, on the bandstand with the mike. He's drunk.
Which one of you is Balls McLongcock? Matt and Deacon give up Fred.
Good idea, Balls. The guys start laughing.
No, Ramsley there didn't like your girlfriend. He didn't think she was good enough for you so he killed her. She wanted to marry you, man! It's all right here in her letter! The real letter!
Make sure the hags don't spellbook.
This is hallowed ground. off, wretched hags! Thackery alive?
No way, fatso!
You're the hottest hags I've seen all night!
you talkin' about,
She's fine! ... Dad, I know I'm an incredible wise-ass,
be so macho!
puss puss. blinks
These hags are bad news!You know. Christen the new house.
You punk'd me.
About Derek Charles being an asshole. They all say he's the nicest guy in the firm.
You know how I like looking at your sexy butt.
Beth, you are so bad.
Really? I wouldn't mind taking up the slack. That is one hot piece of ass there.
Well, if it isn't the Office Asshole.
Lisa, get out of my car!
Beth?   It's Ben. Where the hell are you, bro?
Can't, man. That last drink totally kicked my ass. I need to lie down.
Goddamit, Joe, if there's an injured party here, it's me.
Will Halloway! You wicked, wicked young hooligan.
Carnival's closed nights. You been down there you been trespassin' too.
He's crazier'n a coot - walkin' round the state yellin' dooms an' damnations.
watches them move off.
Hey. Zip it. Zip your shit.
Whatever.
Like I told you on the phone, every couple of years, we get calls from all over the state with these cockamamie charges. You should hear what they call me. And I'm not a racist. I voted for Obama.
Elizabeth gives him a sideways glance, like "no shit."
I fuck like that. Lyrical. Something occurs to Elizabeth. She smiles.
Get your hands off him.
Who you calling white trash? CHARLIE
Damn right!
We're otta here.
Who's that? She's got a nice ass.
Yah, that is a nice ass.
So, this is a Harvard bar, huh? I thought there'd be equations and shit on the wall.
Maybe. But at least I won't be a prick.
I'm sorry, that damn conference--
Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.
Maybe you were in the middle of a storm, a big fuckin' storm -- the waves were crashing over the bow, the Goddamned mast was about to snap, and you were crying for the harbor. So you did what you had to do, to get out.  Maybe you became a psychologist.
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and is like "we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says "man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee."  So the stewardess goes runnin' up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes "don't forget the coffee!"
I have been laid you know.
My wife's been dead two years, Will. And when I think about her, those are the things I think about most. Little idiosyncrasies that only I knew about.  Those made her my wife. And she had the goods on me too. Little things I do out of habit. People call these things imperfections Will. It's just who we are. And we get to choose who we're going to let into out weird little worlds. You're not perfect. And let me save you the suspense, this girl you met isn't either. The question is, whether or not you're perfect for each other. You can know everything in the world, but the only way you're findin' that one out is by giving it a shot. You sure won't get the answer from an old fucker like me. And even if I did know, I wouldn't tell you.
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
No way! You're kiddin'!
Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head.
Chuckie, what are you talkin'...
I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on!
Little Morgan's got a lot a scrap, dude.  I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em. You know how many people try to whip Morgan's ass every week? Fuckin' kid won't back down.
Hey, asshole. Happy Birthday.
Fuck you. I re-built the engine myself.  That thing could make it to Hawaii if you wanted it to.
Only if you grab my ass.
Bullshit.ANYBODY GOT A WALKIE! FUCK ME! We see the water in a glass on the table settle. We watch the chair stop spinning. Then we hear Otis run past us the other way. His breathing has quickened. We hear him punch the side of the trailer in frustration. BANG!
So yea... Spent a lot time with Chickens... In all that time you know what I learned about chickens... You know what’s that white spot is in the center of chicken poop? Pam, whose never given as much of a shit about shit prior to this, is trying to care.
I'm twelve. James steps toward the bathroom, takes a piss.
You went to a fair. You come seen me in Muskogee, boy. That’s THE rodeo. I’m talkin bout lights. Attractions. Animals. Face-paint. Costumes. Commedia del'arte. I made those bulls run til I broke every bone in my cultured ass.
No shit? That is really cool.
Yeah. Nomo the Tornado. No shit.
Shit a name like that he could probably strike em' out blindfolded, this guy. Probably.
Hang on now buddy, you gonna break my shit.
Yes man. She’s filling your head full of fear. I would never do that to you. I pump you full of strength! Because we’re a team and I know you got what it takes. You’re a fucking star and I know it. That’s why I’m here. I’m your cheerleader, honey boy. You trust me? Yeah.
No one thinks you’re a shit father.
Yes you do. And your mother is advertising what a shit father I am every time you go to these fuckin’ Dodger games or paint ball or dirt bike or whatever it is you’re doing. And look, I got four years sober son... four years is REAL. You bring him over here and how about this, I’ll barbecue for him? Otis isn’t sure.
What’s funny bout that Otis? Dolly Parton’s got her shit together. You know she’s got her own theme park? James grabs their food and hands Otis his tray.
You ain’t got a fucking theme park. CUT TO: EXT. VISTA MOTEL - PARKING LOT - NIGHT Otis is asleep inside the room. James is sitting outside. Smoking. Alone. Little Q is back from another long night. She puts her bag inside the room and sits outside to smoke a cigarette. James gets up and walks past the grassy area between their rooms. He starts to perform a small clowning/Mime routine for her. She watches for a while and smiles at him. He finishes and bows to her.
I was 11 when my Mom told me that she would rather be with women and particularly this woman who was a mean ass woman and an outrageous alcoholic. She’d beat you over the head til she broke her hand and just keep laying in on you. Just did not give a shit and would do it again the next day. Always remember her hand in a cast...
I know what you have. You’ve got a mirror behind you smart-ass. James pulls his discard off the top.
End of our agreement? I’ll tell you what, I hear you man. You want a better father, a father that teaches you lessons and stuff? And you deserve one. You do. Otis sits on his bed. They face each other.
Your mother says a whole lotta shit, your mother. It’s naive. Real world the truth is wood rots. Stone crumbles. People fucking die. That’s the real world. The only thing that is going to live on is fables and stories and dreams-OTIS
You know the older you get you learn a couple of things about life. You get to know what you come from. Now you come from a line of alcoholics, son.
Yeah, hell, yeah.
You getting too big for your britches, sugar.
...git along little dogies!
Instant V-goddam-D.
Gonna swing my lasso and rope that whole goddam island, yeah!
Holy shee-it, this is a goddam penthouse you got here, Cass, a real goddam penthouse.
Hey. Hey, Cass. Did you think I meant that? Christ, would I be asking you for money with a wad like that riding on my hip?
...you see what I'm getting at here? She got a penthouse up there with color TV and more goddam diamonds than an archbishop and she busts out bawling when I ask for money!
Him I placed with O'Daniel just two weeks ago. And look. Not much of a stud either, what I hear...
Sherry-Netherlands Hotel. Now get your ass in there. He's waiting!
Lonesomeness is something you take. You bear? Dammit, you take it and go about your business, that's all.
Say, you know that runty little bastard I was with?
Y'ain't gonna eat them?
You don't seem like no fag...
Forty-second Street. Where'n hell you think it come from?
Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out, that's what.
Keep the goddam blanket on.
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?
Hey, what the hell you doing?
Why don’t you look out the damn window, pal?
Hey, when are you getting here? I miss you! Look at those mountains. I know, I know, I said I wouldn’t climb without you but -- come on, look at that! Get your ass up here or I can’t promise-She freezes the image. Sobbing now. Her tears splashing through the hologram image, like rain.
Well it’s a good goddamn thing, because I think we’re gonna be on our way up pretty soon. We’re gonna need-The feeds FLICKERS. The lights DIM, RHYTHMIC.
Killed her.
My man Ry! Shit, how you feeling?
Don’t worry about Greg. He’s a dick. Andrew nods. Admires Ryan. Seems more diminutive now than ever.
Yeah. All the time. My man.
Morning, fellas. “Billie’s In”, bar 8.
That is not your boyfriend’s dick. Do not come early. Moving ahead. Bar 93. The players flip their sheet music. Andrew catches a glimpse of a TROMBONIST ejecting the spit from his horn. A puddle has formed by his feet.
Geez, those crocs are nasty buggers,
You are American.
••• Coulda been a cosmetic su=aeon by now. Five ilundra6. thousand a year -- up to mv ~a~s in ~its and ass.
Now that's what I call a cu.'tlpfire.
You've got it. Let rne tell you about the dangers of bird wrangling. Those cockatoos are a bitch.
What d 'you thin!:.
This guy's crazier than I am.
Juan, where the hell ya going?! Cont.
'cause I mean, goddamn it, this guy who's on our tail is good, this guy is impressing the hell outta me!
Who i!, this creep?
To the con man? What am I, Miss Lonelyhearts? This ain't the clima.x of one of your potboilers -- get your butt behind the wheel. JOAN
Fuck. Kengo leans over as far as he can and looks down the escalator next to him. This one is even longer. It seem to go on forever. Kengo spots the man on that escalator.
Are you physic? The woman laughs.
I forget you’re part Indian.
I don’t want to be rude, but I’m freezing my ass off here, so...
Yep ... You’re driving this Fed around so she don’t get lost, that it?
You think that piece of shit’s gonna tell you? You keep looking for clues, and missing all the signs. You see that? He points out over the snow.
assholes look like they’re up for a trek ten miles into the snow? In what -- that minivan? The answers are out there. It’s hard to say whether she doesn’t buy what he’s saying or just dreads going into the mountains. She comes clean.
These aren’t the talking kind, Jane. These kids -- they expect to go to prison. It’s a rite of passage. Hell, I think they look forward to it. Three hots, a cot, and free cable? Beats being here doing nuthing, the way they see it.
Yeah! You had it all together. That’s why I had to fly seven thousand miles to rescue your ass.
Dude -- Quit asking me that.
Knock yourself out.
Where I saw the mermaids?!  Why don't you ever ask any question? I'm always the one asking the question!  We're sitting here like two stones and I'm taking to myself. Ask me something, Goddamnit!
I'm being a pain in the ass.
Enzo, stop bitching, will you?
Come on, drink up, my boy!  It might just save us from your bullshit.
Fuck, you're hot in an interview. You think?
This retarded fascist uber-musik is the problem! It's got us thinking in circles. She rips out the CD, leafs briskly through the collection. Finds just the right thing. Hits play.
You're Bob fucking Fosse! She slings her arms around Clive, spraying him with kisses. 24
Yo, white-stripe. Quit screwing around. She runs, like a mischievous school girl into... 27
You're killing her! Let her go!
We can't fuck around anymore. We have to clean this place up. Make it safe. Elsa smiles and nods, relieved to finally have him on-side. 65
What are you talking about? Turn her in.
Ok here's the deal. See this room? This is my office and my beat laboratory. This is the one rule of the house. Don't ever, ever, touch my fucking drumset. Do you understand? There I said it nice and cool and calm and polite. Everything is casual. BRENNAN
They don't mess around on American Gladiator. If you walk in there like a boy scout you will get your ass handed to you. Brennan should have known that.
Okay, here's the deal. Number one, you're gonna fix the fuckin' damage to the drywall, right away! That's the first thing. No questions. Number two: you have eight weeks to get a job and find an apartment. No screwing around. No extra time. That's that!
your nuts
Yep. He's a dick. You got a pretty great collection.
fuckin' cool,
believe the first couple of days I'm living here, I'm walking around thinking I've got a dick for a step-brother. And secretly, you're cool as shit. Dale points
been established pretty clearly that I like to see cool shit.
not rest until Chris Gardoki and that weird red-headed kid turn on the radio and hear our music and say, "We were wrong for trying to make them lick white dog shit cause their music is so cool that we can't handle it!"
Oh my God! You are up! Are you gay?
You Da Man Derek!!
You don't get us! young and hip!
give a shit. You're grown men, it's up to you. You can open up every present under the tree if you want!
Dammit Dale just sit
Damn we got really
you when you set foot in this place we were all laughin' behind your back. Derek even said, "I'm hiring this guy for shits and giggles. He's a freak and he's probably gonna quit after a week." But you've hung in there. Thanks
the Catalina wine mixer!!! You this or you're gone! Simple as I'm gonna be breathing up ass the whole way. So guess hombre, if you know a world singer, now is the time to that phone call!
This better not be another damn meteorite...
It’s the job of a journalist to be on hand when a story breaks -where the hell were you?
What does this ass think he's playing at? EXT. OIL RIG - NIGHT The MIDDLE OF THE OCEAN, RAIN is lashing down and THE RIG is being buffeted by a heavy storm.
You never saw Macho Man, Farmer.
Macho Man eats Slim Jims.
Video games make you fat Jake. That is a fact.
Nobody knows how it works, man.
You gotta kick him Kleen.
You’re getting killed man.
You tell ‘em Kleen!
Shut up’s not a swear.
Look kid they got Ditka on WGN tellin’ ethnic jokes, whaddya want?
A swarm of snot nosed Gordon Gekkos had been born.
Dude you’re on fire.
This ain’t a make your own pizza pie here pal. Look, I had this lady lookin’ for a green eyed black haired kid a few weeks ago. I says all I got is a green eyed blond haired one. Lady says she’ll just dye the doll’s hair. Badda-bipboop, she’s got herself a black haired green eyed Cabbage Patch doll.
You’re rich Grusecki!
You got the money. I got the Motts.
They're stragglin'.
You keep your hands off.
You keep your nose out of my life, young fella.
Stop it -- both of you.Frank... Hell, what happened in here?
Martin, damnit, what are you up to? Let go of me!
Damn.
What the hell...Look you were the one who wanted to do something different, something to tell all your friends. Any chump can go to Nassau. Delbert scans the room, littered with the beautiful people of the times DELBERT Look around you baby, we're rubbing elbows with royalty, oil sheiks, this is class. You'll be envied by everyone.
Well don't drag your ass. There won't be much of a window for us to link up. We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours.
Where the hell did you come from?
Well blaze your ass out of there! You've completely altered your trajectory, are we linking up or not?!
Goddamn it Barnes this really steams my onions!
You Waingro?
I was all night hitting up Los vatos like one of those flamenco matador guys. Cuttin' in real smooth. Generating leads and shit. I'm a dancer, man!
Jimmy - whatsisname - Bohunk, in the joint used to say: "On the street you wanna be makin' roves, you don't put anything in your life you can't walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you spot heat around the corner."
A dude I knew in McNeil's been out a couple, three years.
His name is Hanna; first name, Vincent. I smeared this sergeant in vice five yards. Hanna's all over you. He's a hot dog. Lieutenant in major Crimes Unit. He's taken down some heavy crews. Blew away Frankie Yonder in Chicago and he was a fucking maniac. Was working Narcotics before that. He's good, Neil. Dedicated. Divorced three times. Current wife's Justine. He's why the extra heat.
I got a woman.
Twenty minutes, then I toss their asses out of here.
I got to hand it to you, sport. You're slick, pal smart how you handled all this. On the ball. Yeah.
You seen that fella I pulled out of here the other night? Big fella with a beard?
Well, you're right. You would be. But if you don't betray Chris, you betray Dominick. Because he becomes an orphan when you go to prison as an accessory 'cause you got no living parents to take him. Then he ends up state-raised and fucked for life. Your son Dominick's innocent. He didn't choose a life like that. Chris did.
Get the word to bailbondsmen, bookies, snitches in County, etc. where Waingro is. And get a team down there to set it up.
Asstraut.
Daddy asstraut!
The company ordered Gerty to lock all the exits. I haven't been able to do anything for seven days but sit on my ass.
Would you stop worrying about my fucken career a minute? The Federal Government swears you're doing business in here. The waiter clears away the rigatoni and places before McKussic a plate of grigliata mista, the various selections of fish artfully arranged. McKUSSIC I'm not.
- polite, married, or she could give a shit.
See this is the problem when you try to walk away from a long and distinguished career. There's always someone who tries to cash in on you before you go. Buddy, don't give him the steam off your shit. McKUSSIC It's not my cousin I'm worried about - if this buyer thinks I reneged on a deal, it's gonna be a mess. You shouldn't come here now.
Hey, Mac! Man, this goddam machine discourages you at every level.
Well, that's what it came down to that fella Sandy Leonard's smart enough to be a lawyer, but he's way too dumb to be a crook.
- don't let that good lookin' fella give you a hard time JO ANN I'll try not to, Judge ,JUDGE NIZETITCH Next time you let me know.
How did Judge Nizetitch get involved?
know if she likes a goddam thing! you know there are some people in life who don't like very much of anything, you know they just have nice manners and live, you know?
- I talk into the wrong one of these buddy, and it costs us fifty years apiece.
- you son of a bitch, you son of a bitch you son of a bitch He stops and pulls McKussic up from the deck - it looks like he's going to smash him into the bulkhead. Then he hugs McKussic fiercely.
- I can't man .. you' re in the way ..
Either you go through the police academy training, or I'm tossing your butt in jail,
When she talks, every part of her body moves, like a Motow-n backup singer.
CALLAHAN. She looks like a dyke, more than a little. Her hair is done in a slicked-dow-n ducktail. This is a tough, no nonsense man/woman who looks like Wayne Newton, right dow-n to the thin mustache that covers her upper lip.
Callahan walks behind Thompson's ass.
Hey, fellas, lighten up.
'Scuse me ...
You can never shut this guy up.
become a ·-cop I'm somebody.
Look, man, I gotta be a cop ... need the bucks. I'm supporting my whole family. Mahoney looks at Castro measures must be taken.
I think he's a sleazy,
Castro ... Shit! Thompson,
Couela;;:d side-swines the roa<l.
Mahoney and the Hooker sit on the floor, huddled under the podium. Lassard's feet ENTER FRA.MEand almost steo on the Hooker's hand. Mahoney grabs her hand away just in time. She gives Mahoney a seductive smile.
Mahoney turns around in time to see the Hooker closi.ng Lassard' s pants. Mahoney grabs her and pulls her back toward the front of the podium.
He sees only Mahoney, meekly at Lassard.
I' 11 walk you to your car. Hightower puts nis arm around He stops and turns to Mahoney.
REDHEADcomes up to him.
away from her.
These ntuubnuts are going us look bad.
to them, man.
Over here, punk!
A fella - a quick fella - might keep a weapon under there. He nuzzles,the bow against the back of MAX'S head.
Balls!
The CURMUDGEON is leading PAPPAGALLO'into the workshop.
I sweated blood on this mother. And no bastard's gonna make me go in no lousy bread van. MAX kicks over the big engine...Meyer Harris Cohen, Mickey C to his fans. He's the big moocher, local L.A. color to the nth degree. You know Mickey. He runs dope, rackets and prostitution. He kills a dozen people a year. But who you may not know is bodyguard Johnny Stompanato.
Yuletide cheer, fellas.
We did a piece last year. 'Ingenue Dykes In Hollywood.' Her name got mentioned.
Contract players at Metro. You pinch 'em. I do you up feature in the next issue. Plus the usual fifty cash. Tell me, am I fucking Santa Claus?
Of his penis, sir?
This is the new L.A.P.D., White. You're suspended from duty and dismissed.
White's a mindless thug.
Some ferstunkener is moving in and we don't know who?! Maybe we should ask Hedda Hopper!
Don't know. I'm chasing picture books. Fuck shots, but the posers don't look like junkies. It's well done stuff. I thought you might have heard something.
As it happens, he was a Nite Owl regular. In the wrong place at the wrong time.
I never truck with no sissies!
That Larry, he's a pisser. You did the Casitas Youth Camp with him, didn't you?
You're back, boychick.
Sid, why would a guy like Pierce Patchett get involved with running dope and hookers?
Showbiz.
Sid, cut the crap. I --
Jesus. Jack, that's a story. 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.' Let me get my camera.
There's something wrong with the Nite Owl. That prick Exley shot the wrong guys. But they made him a hero and whoever killed my partner is still out there.
In here I know it. But I can't prove it. I'm not a detective. I'm not smart enough. I'm just the guy they bring in to scare the other guy shitless.
Jesus... Maybe White's not so dumb after all.
You, me and White, huh?
You're Narco, lad, not Homicide. And since when do you work with Edmund?
You can uncuff me now, fellas.
Fellas?
And First Black Woman to Get into the Hall of Firsts.
Nice to your dick. 6
Yeah you fuckin' do. You're lucky, I almost gave my last Undergrounds to a cute freshman. Then I found out she's trying to do long distance with her boyfriend, so now I gotta wait that shit out. Sean looks up at someone, walking his way...
You don't vape, do you?
Wait. I am presently at war with Russia and the Aztec Empire. Shit is getting real.
Ughh.
Brown? So, a white person.
White Sean! You on campus?
We're like 1% of the school! How do we not know any white people?
starts pissing on the pillar. He locks eyes with Kunle, gives him a polite nod.
But why were they trying to piss on you though?
He did some stupid shit, but he didn't deserve that.
Fuck my brother, man. Maybe we can get my cousin's carKUNLE No. I'm not stopping. We'll take the backroads, through the woods. It's a little longer, but nobody goes that way. We won't get pulled over. Probably.
Can we please stop calling her "bitch"? It's not nice. She's a human woman.
Guys, can we not call each other pussies? It's kind of sexist. Pussies are tough enough to give birth. I think the word you're looking for is "coward."
You're the one who calls him a neckbeard behind his back.
You were clearly intoxicated and injured, we wanted to make sure you were okaySEAN Yeah, last thing we need tonight is another passed out floppy-ass white chick in here. Why were you so quick to pepper spray us, huh? Is it 'cause we're black? Maddy is caught off guard by this question. She quickly calculates the best response to not seem racist:
OMIGOD LISTEN TO ME.
Kunle. You're my hero. You were a fucking badass.
You gotta call her, man.
The fuck are you talking about, it's Princeton. You have to go-KUNLE I don't know... I'd be moving so far away. And if I go somewhere where everyone's excellent, I'll probably be below average.
What the fuck are you sayin’? Aurelio opens the driver’s side door, reaches up behind the visor, and pulls out the registration card which reads JOHN
You workin’ again?
Ah. Well, then... sort that out however you see fit. I’ll cover your ass on my side of the fence as
You gotta’ name? John Wick.
Well, shit, it’s good to see you, John. What can I get you?
Lucky bastard.
Then shit... let the fuckin’ babushka fade away and let’s get the fuck outta’ here. SMASHCUT TO: EXT. A SUBWAY STATION - CONTINUOUS John tenses, his features hard. Kirill grins, willing for John to give him reason to fire. Suddenly, a frail commuter stumbles into their midstTHUMP!
-- You takin' a lot of shit lately, George.
They get hair all over the place.
What do you mean, what is it? It's some political bullshit.
-- fellas, fellas, just listen, you both have tidelands, you both want Uncle Sam to come through with offshore drilling permits -- so do it together --
So, little red riding hood says 'my what big teeth you have and the wolf says all the better to eat you with, my dear, and she says -- eat, eat, eat, doesn't anybody ever fuck any more?'
-- but you never were much of a tit man --
-- ass and legs --
Now I didn't mean that, you rat.
-- last night I dreamt I was fifty years old and Mary told me I was supposed to meet Jill at the shop. It seared me shitless.
She just went out the door, man.
You're a trip and a half, man.
Oh, are you kidding, man? She hates her.
What's wrong, Mary, are you drunk? Look, I've had a rough night, one of the roughest I've ever had, now I'm not in the mood for any sulking bullshit, what's wrong? Are you sick? Are you drunk? Can you work?
What did that damned Taro say?
Answer me, woman!
this black chick,
Sane blacks
I've always been a breast thigh man, myself....
for yo_u an' me ••••
I mean Abdullah ••• you dig where I'm coi:ning from?
So how long .you been.banging
I was in service at the time of this case. In the police. I didn’t work on it but of course I remember it. Dirosa looks at the letter.
People don’t know how to drive in this fucking town. It’s a crazy place, Marseille. But I still prefer it to Paris. People talk to each other here. Plus it’s cheaper. Bill just listens.
I do shit for you.
And then the land man talks to the land owner and takes out a lease. Once you got the lease, you hire a drilling company. That’s who I work for. Then you rig up and put all the shit together. And once the rig is up you start making hole. That’s what a roughneck does. He makes hole. Go ahead test it. Flush. Maya looks confused. He gestures her to test the flush.
Then you live in some fancy ass world, lady. I ain’t saying it’s right but I work with hands like that all the time.
I English! Me. You. We friend. Bill shrugs the guy off.
OK. Ok. Damn. Y’all wound up like an eight day clock. 117
She ask me! She pay me!
Get away from me.
Gotta suck to be you.
He's fucking amazing.
Goddamn right I did. You know where I got that? From the deputy director of the F.B.I. He thought I might be interested.
I've been working on this thing for eight months, and I will not let some jarhead fed fuck up my operation. Please, I know what I'm doing.
Shit!   Run, Holly!
There isn't a free cop in a hundred miles that isn't on his ass. He wants a plane. He'll get a plane.
1941. Nominated for three Academy Awards, lost, but what the fuck does the Academy know anyway. John Houston's first film and probably Bogey's best.Than~ you, i!oneyJ?E!r.ny. !lONEYPElillY
- bearded, wit.'1-i wild Afro hair, dark glasses, enorl!lOUS features, an ugly scar running down one cheek.
Oh, I forgot. Never bathe in there without a mongoose along. Be sees she is really fri9htened, crosses to her.
'l'Wo shiny, steel th:-ottles.
Well, hello, Jim. t-1hat• s hap?;ning, baby? 262
You' re a tough dude to nail down, Bond. For a honky pig. 'rhanks for d:roppin' in. 307
JCANANGA pushes another b.utton by the side of his chair, A side door opens, 'IWO B!.ACK HEAVIES appear. MNANGA
Under t.'1.e statutory :;,01•1ors invested in me by this parish, I here.by COIIl!lla:ldeer t1iis here veehic!cle and
Yessir, Cap'n, I unde.:-stand, but I ju.st don't know right off -:-1here
I got itl Call Billy Bob I Se's my brother-in-law! Got the best damn boat on the whole river. Billy :Scb' ll shonuff fix their ass ••• 405
All I'm saying Honey is run the thing past me for Christ's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap.
Whatever!
Your a good guy Chris you deserve a nice girl.
I don't know man, I'll drink beer and shoot crap with you anytime, but this is different.
I feel like a mole in this joint, so I guess I might as well come out lookin' like one!
Later Mate, right now I've got to do the locks on these doors so we don't have to climb through that bloody window every time.
Henry, I've been working my tail off on this. Look, all I need is a little cash to loosen up some tongues and you've got the scoop. It'll send those scum-bags down for life; be a big feather in the cap for the Bugler and your board of directors back home!
We got a party tomorrow night. Can't have the place smelling like shit.
Well, that's what we've got to work with, we need a walkway over all this shit.
Hell honey, what've you been doin'?
I don't know what it is with you bloody hooligans. Not content with causing trouble back home, YOU idiots have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe. And when finally, the police do catch up with you, you expect us to wave a magic wand and get you out, well not this time, I'm sorry.
I’ll have you in a bloody minute, Frankie!
Well Paddy Kavanagh's family’s not gonna be livin’ in this street for much longer so you better check if he’s just takin the hand out of you. I don’t know how the hell it works. They get a lot of water thrown on them and then they’re ok and that’s it.
Whose d’ya belong to here?
Um...we’ve a wee fella down our street called Thomas, what’s he?
They can just come up to you, when yer not expectin’ it, and ask you, “Are you a protestant or a Catholic”, but it’s a trick question you see, cos they don’t tell you what they are, and what do you say then? To not get a dig in the gob?
You say, “I’m a Protestant”.
Calm down fella. Sure I’m a Protestant like yerself.
I know nothin else but Belfast.
Stop dragging your ass along there, come on.
I can’t tell you till yer in the gang
I think my Da wants us to leave Belfast. Beat.
You lookin’ for trouble Donophin?
Right that’s 6am Fellas. That’s you’s done. 80
Keep yer mouth shut.
Aye. A big one, a long one, they’re askin’ some of the boys to move over permanent, offerin’ accommodation cos of the time involved. A coupl’ a years. They’re buildin’ a hospital.
Just a couple o’ days. A wee test. For the lungs. All that bloody time over in Leicester.
Yer Mo’r’s worried about you.
Poor Catholics have no choice.
Yer jokin’?
Aye, an’ nobody d’ cook their tea, run messages, an’ wipe their arses, so that would make the violence stop in about ten minutes. Beat.
You an me, we have known each other since we were toddlers. We’ve known this street, and every street round it, all our lives, an every man, woman, an’ chil’ that lives in every bloody house, whether we like it or not.
Ah don’t think so Pop. Ah always know when they’ve no money.
Aye, well that puts me in mind of a great wee system we had in the old days for paying the rent. The rent man would come round and collect the money for every house in the whole street, an’ once ‘e was done, an all the rent books were marked up to date, one o’ the boys would hold ‘im up at gun point in a back entry an take all the money back off him. And then ‘e’d hand it back to all the residents in the street, with a little commission for the service. It was a very effective system. The rent man was so good about it in the end, that eventually they cut ‘im in for a wee bit too, an everybody was happy. Except
His work’s giving my Da a house in England now if he wants one. It’s gotta garden an’ everything, an’ two toilets, an’ they’re both inside the house.
That shouldn’t be a problem son. I’ve been married to your Granny for fifty years and I’ve never understood a word she said. If they can’t understand you, then they’re not listenin’, and that’s their problem. You know when I was in Leicester, they said the same thing about me, you know. So I put on a different bloody accent everyday just d’annoy them. They never knew who I was. But I did, an’ that’s the only one who needs d’ know. You know who you are don’t yer?
I want you an’ ma Granny d’ come too.
When Pop went to England to be a coal miner, did you go with ‘im? She shakes her head. Did y’ want to?
Whaddya talkin’ about?
Right, wee fella. You did well for not grassin’ us to the police. So you’re in.
Whatever the hell we want!
You’re not American.Anyway, there he was, poor chap, Happy as a lark, and without a cent.
looking down off L for Martins. nister rail from candles,
le~ning on bannister rail and looking down off L•for Martins.
••• about the worst racketeer who ever made a dirty living in this city.
Don 1 t hit nim again if he behaves.
in L profile looking down off Lout of the window. Just anybody.
Go home, Martins,- like a sensible chap. You don 1 t know what you're mixing in.
Well, Frau Housman ..• 454
looking down thoughtfully.
Kids used to ride this thing a lot in the old days, They haven't got the money nowadays, poor little devils,
You have the worst taste in music.
CARS ARE THROWN INTO THE AIR. STORE WINDOWS ARE BLOWN OUT.
You’re Egyptian. Subject to our laws.
Please, you have to help me. They’re going to kill me. My wife’s American. She’s 7 months pregnant.
I can assure you Dick Van Dyke is not.
Wait! WAIT! She always does what's unexpected. She goes UP the bannisters. Dick is confused.
Yes! He fixes the kite! Oh, I love it! Dick punches the air.
No one likes a fibber.
Yuh, didn't you know? She's all hoity toity. British this and British that and she's really an Aussie called Helen Goff. Stuck up--I'LL SING YOU A SONG OF A GIRL FROM THE SEA AND IT'S HEY TO TH~ STARBOARD HEAVE HO! THE tOVELIEST LASS IN THE OCEAN IS SHE .
Scuttle,. be quiet! you.
EACH LITTLE SLUG HERE CUTTIN' A RUG HERE
What's gotten into you, fella? He stops short as he sees Ariel on the rocks.
SITTING DERE ACROSS DE WAY SHE DON'T GOT A LOT TO SAY BUT DERE'S SOMETHIN' ABOUT HER
YOU WANNA KISS DE GIRL
Alright, Shithead, I'm getting µp. Roenick sits up. Shithead, the Rottweiler, jumps down. As he does so, we see a SCAR across his BACK from where he was SHOT. Roenick steps out of bed. We see his BEDROOM. A bachelor's mess. Roenick looks worse than the room, though. Eyes tired and red. Expression harsh, tormented. He finds a BOTTLE of PILLS on his dresser -- he pops the top -- throws TWO PILLS in his MOUTH -- reaches over -- finds a BOTTLE of JOHNNY WALKER BLACK and downs the PILLS with a healthy GULP of SCOTCH. He starts forward, looks down at: HIS POLICE UNIFORM lying in a ball on the floor. He grabs the uniform, exits, as we PAN up to his bureau, finding a PHOTO of Roenick, LARENZ, HANNAH and LUIS. Arms around each other. 0
I'm not fucking him, so I don't know. REVERSE to reveal CARPAZZO AND CAPRA -- two young COPS by the front door -- waiting to leave. BOXES with personal stuff from their desks sit at their feet.
'Gentlemen.' That's a stretch. - Now get the hell outta here before I do get pissed that you aren't stuck in this shithole with us tonight. Go, before I find something for you to do. Capra and Carpazzo shake hands with Roenick, kiss Iris.
Goodbye shithole. Goodbye leaky roofs, goodbye broken plumbing. They exit, laughing, leaving Iris and Roenick alone. Iris looks at Roenick. A playful familiarity between them:
Nicholas Zambrano. Don Zambrano. Z. I heard you been shot 5 times. Refuse to die. That's fucking persistent. Pleased to meet you, man. I'm Beck. A fellow entrepreneurial
Who cares? I'm just happy to get out of this shit. Let's go. Rosen nods. Gil gets off the highway. Neither see that BLACK SUBURBAN -- barely visible through the snow twenty yards behind. Keeping pace with the transport as they get off.
Some kinda low fe gutter pimp. Seems harmless.
This is one fucking depressing night for Smiley, man. I'm a Libra -- I'm all about wine, women, and song. This shit' s contrary to my es·sence. What about you? You look a like a Virgo?
I gotta take a piss. 43
~- Shut the fuck up, Doc. You said that already. Now, everyone listen to me. They're giving us a way out here. All eyes on Iris now:
Reel that shit in, honey.
Back there. You saved my ass. Why?
Lower your fucking weapon, Beck! This man works here.
Christ -- look at you. I brought these Firemen here just in case you were injured. And I was damn right.
Repeat after me: I've got the muusic in me.
I've got the muusic in me.
I've got the muusic in me!
I'm saying you must treat her with respect. Any oaf can attempt a crude pass. A woman of Kate's stature would never respond to an artificial tactic.
Remember to breathe, Kate. And don't use to many big words. You'll scare the poor slob away.
Goddamnit Kate, you love the guy!So you ain’t talkin’, huh Doc?
You remember the first time we really talked? When I spoke up inside your head? Danny nods. Dick smiles. And then, Dick keeps talking... but his mouth doesn’t move. He speaks IN DANNY’S MIND.
The Overlook, it was always just pictures to me, but I didn’t Shine like you. Nobody Shines like you. So you, in that damn hotel... you was like a million-watt battery, all plugged in, and it ate it up. You made it real, started soon as you walked through the door.
Can’t do nothing ‘bout that. What you can do is turn what they come for against them. Danny looks up at Dick. His old eyes are sad, weary.
Runnin’ away from yourself’s a pickle. You take yourself with you, wherever you go.
Guess my ass...
You listen, son, it hurts to be here so I’ll only say it once. If these empty devils ever found you, when you was a tyke - if they’d even sniffed you - you’d be long dead. They’re on the land like a cancer on the skin. Once, they rode camels in the desert; once they drove caravans ‘cross Eastern Europe. They eat screams and drink pain and they’ve noticed that little girl. Dick approaches. Eyes grave.
Because she found you. Because she showed up. Hell doc, why me? You just walked on into my kitchen one day, and I’m still on the hook. Some things just are.
Goddammit, what! The door opens. Crow leans inside.
Did you want to buy anything for their fellas?
I’m just messing with you, man.
I’m a soldier, dude. I like guns.
I’ll drive. You’re stoned.
jerk.
Guy's a bum. Pure and simple. Jim cuts Joe a dark look as Joe keeps wrapping.
But we should pucker our assholes over Feldman?
He was first in line once, you know? Couldn'.t move for shit. But had a right y9u could be outside the ring and'feel the wind.
Good God ... Jim looks up, his face smeared with hash.
You're on, pal. Jim looks at Joe.
What the Hell, Ref? Wake up you wet son of a bitch, wake up. But Jim is still coming, landing jabs. Max pulls Jim into a clinch and Jim slyly head butts Max. Max is pissed, throws Jim against the ropes and the crowd
I don't like it, Jimmy. Every time they take this long for a decision they're deciding to screw somebody. Max suddenly appears. Joe glares at him. Max looks Jim in the eye, leans in close so he can be heard over the crowd. MAXI don't envy you swabbies, swimmin' in that North Pole ice water.
You're really a mixed-up oddball, aren't you?
That’s gendered and sexist.
I’ve been going through my own struggles you know, trying to balance what I do and the sacrifices and so many times I think why do I see things differently from other people? Why do I care? That our humanity is connected to each other. I have moments, I mean extended periods of real fucking doubt. Like sometimes I’m holding on by a thread. So hearing you and understanding and being aware what you went through, just knowing you, I mean honestly, Roman, you’re inspiring.
Hey man. Happy birthday and all the usual shit people say to each other. How you doing?
Citizen Dildo.
The one girl I really wanted, and you took her from me. You're insane. You're losing it, man. David nods powerfully. He now understands. Brian is one of them too.
--but the Pooch will not cheat.
It's Liar's Poker, Jensen, how in the hell is the man gonna cheat you at Liar's Poker?
Oh, shit, I'm definitely in then.
Clay. Mid-30's. Their leader, and you gotta be a bad- ass to lead this crew. Tired eyes. A weariness to him already. And hands faster than you can imagine.
Relax, slugger... I like arms. That's all.
I mean Jesus, Wade, the man was scientific genius. Granted his weight signaled that he had certain impulse control issues, but that's no reason to throw his fat ass out a fifty story window.
Jesus, Lady! Ten outta ten for stealth and shit, but next time could you just knock?
Hell yeah. Cougs?
Come on, dude, they'd be morons to keep records of shit like this-
My dick remains unshot!
Me and legless Pooch are on it!
Back off Tris.
What’s people’s impression of me? That I’m a real person. That I didn’ ever apologize for growin’ up poor or bein’ a red neck which is what I am. In a sport where the friggin’ judges want you to be this old-timey version of what a woman’s supposed to be. Um. For bein’ the first U.S. woman to land a triple axel. So fuck ‘em.
Where the hell are you going?
I do this job for the Association For Retarded Persons. I mean, I’m not a retarded person. I’m their driver. Which is cool. My dad was Air Force. He died when I was young so my college is paid for. But- I dunno.
It’s like your superpower. It’s fucking awesome what you can do. Tonya stops, unused to compliments or being seen that way.
To be fair, Jeff did love her. He really loved her. I remember one time he took her to a Richard Marks concert. That’s when I knew shit was serious.
It’s that extra half rotation when you already did 3 that made us call Tonya the Charles Barkley of skating. It was bad ass.
It was totally the most awesomest thing. Cause leading up it you’re like, ‘”I can’t do it! I can’t. I can’t.’ BAM! I CAN! All those people who said I couldn’t make it. Well fuck you I did! I proved everyone wrong. Her mouth is open wide in elation. Instead of throwing her arms back gracefully, she fist pumps. She performs 2 more HUGE jumps back to back, perfectly. Oh!... Oh!
Whatever.
We had no idea something like this could be done by 2 of the biggest boobs in a story populated solely by boobs.
Next time you pull off a hit, son, don’t put it on Visa.
I want you to know... I don’t know. I’m on your side. I want you to know. Tonya watches her. Lavona looks away.
I can’t fucking focus when I’m skating and I keep falling in front of everyone. While Nancy gets her own private rink where they catch her before she falls probably andDIANE Honey. You’ll apologize and this whole thing will be over. She hands Tonya her Team USA jacket.
Kick that chump's ass, Kel. The ushers laugh.
Stop it you two!
Her name's Jesselyn, jackass.
Jesselyn Jackass.
Whaddya want, then?
Darnit!
We're not done yet. Get your ass over here. I want ya to meet some o' the regulars. Tandy leads Delilah over to HANK, 20s, Korean heavyweight, a perfect gentleman but in no danger of making the cover of GQ; and ROMEO, 20s, African-American, with flamboyant trunks. Hank fields Romeo's punches with focus mitts.
Mind your own business.
I won't stand for this. It's bad enough we spent thousands of dollars on her wedding and have nothing to show for it. But now she's got this cockamamie idea in her head that's gonna threaten her only asset which is her looks. I won't stand for it. You have to talk to her.
Man, that guy Vernon's crazy. He had his nose so far up that judge's ass, if she sneezed he would've died.
These cowlicks are drivin' me ab-solute-ly bonkers, I tell you what...
You kicked that bitch's ass tonight.
Chucky, haven't you gotten laid yet?
You know, you're gonna need to attract more attention if you wanna get Kelvin in the ring with you. And for that, you need a gimmick.
Mr. Naddle. MR. NADDLE, 40s, is a slippery fucker - no really, he is his pomade starts just above his eyebrows and ends somewhere around the back of his collar. His smile reveals an assortment of unhealthy colors. His suit is circa Seventies. Ms. Burrows.
Yo Kel, you're battin' a thousand in this room, eh?
Damn straight.
No way, dude. That's cheatin'.
Somebody got a booboo.
Man, his butt sure dudn't quit, does it? Some thangs never change...
I'm the man's gonna haul your ass out of the fire. 55Ugh, come on, you got schmutz all over the screen.
Uh-oh, Monchi comin’ at ya. Aaron SQUEEZES Monchi’s fat pug cheeks like Monchi’s talking.
No one cares about the screws!!
knucklehead!
the shit out of mullu.You mean a figurehead.
Ah, woe, Ah me Shame --
At the Houmfort.
No.  She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica.  But the Houngan cured her.
The Houmfort -- they're trying to get her back there.He was a damn 9.2.2.Sifriend.! And, one hell of an American, too. The Pres blow-ups grim~ces,
Jimmy, I want these goofs to get a
What are you doing here? ROBSY
out of my office.
INT. THE HOOSE
Then get on with it, please - X got a goddamned press conference at eignt.
growing up that somehow I would. I worked like a bastard in that mill. I felt all right about it,
We got to look on the bright side of this, Ab. Year from today we got a Chinese butler and no shit from anybody.
You shag them, not those dogs. They might choke or run off with them.
Just walked in through the door, like any other white man. On the bureau he finds a pistol. He aims it out the window. All this will soon be theirs!
Doctor said he took it out, but I never saw it. Hurt like a bastard. You got no idea how it hurt. Suddenly he worries this might discourage Chuck from going.
They won't mess with you, though. Big fella like you. I can see it now. He offers a taste of the talk Chuck is like to provoke on the street corners.
Don't give me that. When a guy's getting screwed, he's got a right to holler.
You're exaggerating, Badger.
You've aged badly, Rat.
Let's kick some fox cuss!
I'm cussing loving this!
You scared the cuss out of us!
I guess we do have those three ugly, cusshole farmers to thank for one thing: reminding us to be thankful and aware of each other. I'm going to say it again.
Foxy cuss-blocked my toast, man.
You bet your cuss you are! Linda?
You're a cuss of a lot bigger than you look, Rickity. Kylie tugs at Fox's sleeve. Fox turns to look at him. Kylie
What the cuss is he burning? A blazing pinecone shoots out of the manhole and flies through the air, over the farmers' heads. It lands in a trash can and lights some rubbish on fire. A man with a dart in one hand and a mug of ale in the other comes out of the Nag's Head and pours his beer into the trash can. The fire goes out. The three farmers laugh smugly. Bean shouts:
That was the damndest thing I ever saw.
Leave this one to the detectives, they ain't gonna solve shit, I can help you, make you the man with a plan, give you the gift that I flow -- think fast -- you wanna know who killed that guy?
Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case.
You're a good one arentcha?
I'm a bit of a slob myself.
-- all dolled up.
I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up there.  But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit. So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World.  Defining It.  Controling It and saying: I will take what is mine.  You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?  he.he.he.
Mind yer bussiness --
Watch your mouth, little man.
Alright, so I'm gonna transfer you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do --
-- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?  His parents? His mommy and daddy?  Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what --
He pissed his pants.
I'm telling you right now, I'm fine. I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok.
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee --
Do I even have to ask?  Stanley, get your butt over here --
You mind your own bussines.
"How To Fake Like You Are Nice and Caring." This is...obviously...quite an important section...I mean, let's face it...face the facts...Men Are Shit, right?  I mean, that is what they all say.  We've all done bad things...bad things that no woman has ever done...that's what they say. We As Men are taught to apologize: "I've done wrong." "I'm sorry."  "My needs as a man made me..." Something, something...bullshit....well what I would like to say....
I see a lot of cocks.  I speak from experience. Yours is a beautiful example.  Why didn't my folks order a cock like that for me?
He has the heart of an ox.  He could run through a Goddamn wall--if he could still run. Actually, he was a big college swimming star.
Why are you inventing problems?  You two are a couple of goddam clones.  You look so right together, I want to double my fee.
Six miles later it's still beating like a Goddamn metronome.  I could play piano by that heartbeat of his.
That's precisely what scaresme--that they won't do anything foolish or courageous or anything--worth a Goddamn.
So if you be wanting your share of this lie -- you’ll have to save him! INT. - JAIL CELL. - DAY FROM INSIDE HIS CELL, JACK LOOKS AT THE WITCHES DIRECTLY ACROSS FROM HIM. THEY ARE CRAMMED INTO THEIR CELL -- A CHARMLESS AND UNRULY BUNCH OF HAGS -- WITH THE EXCEPTION OF ONE NEAR THE BACK WALL. CARINA SMYTH IS FURIOUSLY WRITING ON THE WALLS -- THE CELL COVERED WITH STRANGE EQUATIONS -- IMPOSSIBLE TO UNDERSTAND. JACK LOOKS AT HER -- AT THE NUMBERS -- AS THE OTHER WITCHES
PIG KELLY
You’re the only one who’s lost, Jack Sparrow.
ARE WE TO LET THIS MAN SWINDLE A REPUTABLE WENCH AUCTION SUCH AS THIS!
A witch -- or a wench. Depends who you ask.
I could not believe my ears, I should’ve brought a damn Q-tip. Alley cats have harmony.
Ok. Ok. You say shut up, I shut up.
Where you goin’ whiner?
Piece of shit boyfriend?
Are you deaf? I’m not here to rob you.
Oh yeah. That’s definitely a dick name. Nobody cool is named Simon.
Simon says…I’m an asshole.
Simon says, I’m an asshole.
Simon says, I a womanizing pig.
I’m a womanizing pig.
She tell me no stop. So I no stop.
You keep going Jesus.
I didn’t even want the baby. It was his baby, not mine! He said…we’ll be together till the end of time. My watch is still ticking. That motherfucker! Meanwhile, in the front seat, Jesus pulls out a tin can from under the seat. He starts to shape it. Simon watches this in curiosity. Jesus manipulates the can in such a way
Exploitative.
Is this the sexpot? Or this?
Of course, my old man is practically shit next to yours. Twobit gangster flicks. Anybody can imitate him sneering. But Charlie Chaplin-
Oh, Whitey! Must ‘Sugar Kane’ want to get there, more I’m meaning than life itself. But Whitey understands exactly what she means.
There’s something in you none of them has, Marilyn. No woman I know. You’ve alive to be touched. To be breathed on like a flame. Alive to be hurt even! No woman I know is like you, Marilyn.
Haul ass!
Don't be a smart ass!
Okay, I'll be a dumb ass.
You talk like you're hard-up. got Caroline. She's a woman.
A little nippy, if you ask me.
Fred, you'll make her wet her pants tickling her like that!
That guy's great. He's totally fucked. Where's he from? SAM
Hey, listen, thanks for loaning me the Donger. He's bitchin'.
The Donger's in town five hours and he's got somebody.
Holy shit! 232Every day, I get letters. I think I get more letters than Santa Claus, Zac Efron and Dr. Phil combined. I'm kind of the shit.
Grassy-ass, Raymundo.
Shut your mouth back there!
Confessions are for pussies. You've got a declaration, Grace. She giggles maniacally. Roman turns on the radio, violating protocol. It's a soaring rock anthem-- the SAME SONG we heard being piped into solitary confinement.
You're totally lesbigay.
You're gross!
I'm not jello! That place is gross. Everyone there has a mustache.
Needy and Jennifer enter the bar. Every guy in the joint stares at Jennifer, who snaps her "MINOR" wristband distastefully.
You would think that. You're such a small-time Gomer. I wish we had more guys like that in Devil's Kettle. All stylish and shit. Needy nods dumbly. She stares at the band, awestruck.
Dirk, we didn't haul our asses out to this corn palace for nothing!
No way! Parrish ate shit?
You know last night when we were talking and someone came to my door? That was Jennifer. But she didn't talk. She just stood there, smiling at me, but a bad kind of smile. She looked like she'd been beat up or shot or something. She was all bloody.
They were trying to get to you too, but I wouldn't let `em. I'm a hard-assed, Ford-tough mama bear.
So blow it off.
We were famous. We were saints. Our town's only bar had burned to the ground and our star quarterback was somebody's Quarter Pounder. The whole country got a huge tragedy boner for Devil's Kettle. And the press-- God, they couldn't get enough of our little world of shit. We see Devil's Kettle citizens holding a tearful candlelight vigil by the former Carousel site. They softly sing along with the Soft Shoulder song.
...this chick from Devil's Kettle.
I mean, yeah. They went Benihana on my ass. It should have killed me. But for some reason, it didn't.
That's some X-Men shit, right?
I've been thinking about it for a while, and I think you need to be carrying this. There's obviously a sicko out there who likes boys. Boys your age. And I don't want you going out there unarmed.
I'm sorry you had to hear this from me. I'm just so worried about Needy. She's losing her shit. Colin was her everything.
One thing people don't know about me is that I'm fast. I just never went out for track because I look bad in shorts. Also, Jennifer told me track was for lezzies. But I am. Fast, I mean. Even in that fucking afterbirth of a dress, I could really tear up the asphalt.
You're a jerk.
You look like an Eloise.
Is that a bloody Bouchra Jarrar?
It’s pretty shit, not going to lie. But I really feel it fuels my work.
The bartender said I should get to know the handsome fella standing next to Cilla Black.
Alright old chap. Don’t hog her all night.
She’s a slut mate, look at herBOOM. Jack punches Cubby out. Lightning quick. Cubby reels back, his hands ball into fists, before he can strike back BANG. Jack hits him again, knocks him down. It’s all so sudden and shocking. We can see the flush of emotions on Sandie’s face; she’s both scared and thrilled. In a nearby mirror we can see that Ellie feels the same. There’s commotion as bouncers swarm the dance floor. Jack pulls Sandie out of the fray, and into37
This isn’t Mayfair darling. You ever even worked in a pub before?
S’cuse me? S’cuse me, love?
Listen, my aunty believes in all sorts of weird shit. So you just tell me how I can help.
Yeah, he was ex-vice. He was a copper in Soho for years and years. And now look at him. Laying there in the gutter. Ellie is very confused by this conversation.
Luther, you don't have me.
Here, you solve the goddam thing.
Older fella. Like me.
-- Lady, I may be an asshole cop but you don't know me well enough to call me one --
You fucking well do, don't shake your head at me -- when you're alone at night, when the rage takes you and you think of what you'd do to revenge her, on those nights you put a face to your enemy.Well... I worked on it, yes, but Agent Healy-RAY May be the thickest Treasury agent to ever shit between two shoes.
You better plant your ass in that seat, young lady. Eyes shining, she glares at him, a hint of the old Marybeth.
Well, you’re awful Goddamn blunt. Chris glances at him, unfazed by Ed’s anger.
Because Homeland has everybody’s files; NSA, the Bureau, Spooks... we don’t have dick around here.
Well, hell, Marybeth, you tell me--
Ready kids? Say asshole teacher!
Can't say I've heard the same, Liam. At least I know you're not sleeping with her.
Jesus...what happened to you?
We get plenty of Copperheads round here... at least we used to...
Leave the dawg there. Just in case there’s any more of them Copperheads about. Dwight sees Finch’s shrouded corpse. Prods it with his boot.
This fella’s been dead a lot longer. You better explain, Droid.
This droid’s too dumb to know that.
Nan Youngblood.
Try to control yourself, Sister O'Toole.
Go for it, big fella.
I was really counting on these other turkeys to save my ass.
The poor boy can say, "Fuck you, Dad. I'm my own person." What is his father going to do? Kick him out of the house? Disinherit him? His life won't have changed that much. He's got nothing to lose.
Hey, no shit? You got early acceptance?
Oh, shit, him too? That's what my guy said! An' I said, you're kidding! How can anybody be serious about anything when some moron can steal a bomb or push a button and blow the rest of us right into Mad Max. He wasn't impressed.
Aw, crap...
Oh, come on, sport. I walked in on you last night , and you were acting like your ass was on fire...
Kiss me, you savage she-devil.
Pussies.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Anyway, don't let the bastards eat you up.
Maybe he stopped to shit in the woods. You know Chaz.
Speak for yourself. I get chicks looking at me all the time. All ages.
You need to get laid.
Tight as a nun's asshole but qood concentration. Nice fruit.
You know that chick?
You need to get your prostate checked.
Because I knew you'd freak out and probably get so depressed you wouldn't even come on this trip. But then I figured here would be the best place to tell you. We're here to forget about all that shit. We're here to party!
No shit. We just had a drink with her last night. Miles knows her.
Pull yourself together, man.
No, but I do like to think about the life of wine, how it's a living thing. I like to think about what was going on the year the grapes were growing, how the sun was shining that summer or if it rained... what the weather was like. I think about all those people who tended and picked the grapes, and if it's an old wine, how many of them must be dead by now. I love how wine continues to evolve, how every time I open a bottle it's going to taste different than if I had opened it on any other day. Because a bottle of wine is actually alive -- it's constantly evolving and gaining complexity. That is, until it peaks -- like your '61 -- and begins its steady, inevitable decline. And it tastes so fucking good.
Still a little sour but already showing potential for great structure. Stephanie really knows her shit, Miles.
With this chick.
She likes you, man. Stephanie'll tell you.
Slaughterhouse.
What about that guy who wrote Confederacy of Dunces? He committed suicide before he got published, and look how famous he is.
I bet you that chick is two tons of fun. You know, the grateful type.
I told them I wouldn't be surprised if you just upped and quit. You busted your ass for that desk.
Let me tell you something. That was just about the bravest damn thing
God, I feel so gay.
Damn.
Man, what the hell happened down there? Wait a sec -
YOU!
I don't need no damn glasses.
I ain't trying to say shit. I'm saying the girls are always short-even when the place is packed. And you in charge of the girls. So, either you or them might have a problem adding correctly.
Hell no, Sugar. You know Quick. Don't shoot nobody, less they got it comin'. Now, it was just her foot. Even Vera said she's willing to forget about it. She said she lost fair and square.
Well, that's strange. 'Cause somebody told me you run an afterhours place called Club Sugar Ray's ... hottest spot in Harlem. Told me you could gamble. drink, fuck, dance, everything there. And that you owned the place. Aren't you that Sugar Ray? No, sir.
And we gonna clean up. 'Cause a lot of people think that white boy's got a shot.
With them three-to-one odds~ we stand to make a killing next week. 'Cause everybody who's white and has some money is gonna put it on that white boy.
How am I supposed to enjoy my food, with all this talk about s hoot i ng pe o p1 e?
damn near raised that boy and he gonna accuse me of stealing, and then shoot me in my foot. That sounds like more than pressure to me. He needs to slow his ass down.
You don t wanna mess 1
Hey Smalls! Hey Smalls, you ain't dead, are you? Yo Smalls, you dead? He walks in front of the man to see that it is SMALLS, whose throat is cut from ear to ear, and he's been shot six times.
I don't know what you 1 re talking about, man.
That you're Calhoune's woman.
Hey, Quick, you ain't no gangster, man. We're not •.• we're club owners. We run a dance hall. Being a punk has nothing to do with it. This man is a cold, hard gangster who can have your ass killed. And you a--rot easier to get to than him. Now, the man probably don't know about LaRue yet. Come morning, he's gonna really want you dead, so we better find some place to lay low 'til we can run the scam and step.
You love to see anything, you blind mot he rfuc ke r. Getting up. What you got to eat in the kitchen? I'm hungry as hell.
Well shit, make some tuna fish then!
Wel 1, take your sorry ass back in the living room then and tell Sugar to send somebody to get some orange juice.
Yeah Barbara, Rilchie. Yeah, lookit,
Oh Jesus, thanks. You guys saved my ass on this one.
Hey pansy whackers! Jackson! and take it like a man.
You’re a heartbreaker. butt to school.
Man, that chick is mean.
Hihowzitgoin’?
We got a bisexual worm.
Hi, is somebiddy here? nose.
If I’d have gotten her, I woulda been a dork.
Sometimes doing the right thing means being a dork. PPPPHEWWWW!
Why the hell not.
A week ago everyone thought you were a dork. I was the only one who would hang out with you.
We were just screwing around.
You screwed up. You ride the bus, you pay the fare.
AbsquatulateGUY
Damn Skippy.
Whatever.
Don’t ever call me a butt pirate. Why?
You look like hell.
One time as a kid I tried to sign up for the local spelling bee and she completely lost her shit on me for it.
“clite.”
Easy there, Slum Dog.
Hell yeah, it did.
So tell me, Chaiwala, you got a girlfriend? I was just joking. I know you don’t have a girlfriend.
Every girl has nipples.
I’m going to totally bust your nut.
Are you kidding me? Nothing gets in the way of your shitty little tabloid piece? Spare me. Why don’t you knock off this professional reporter act. You write for a scabby rag that fat housewives wash down with a pint of ice cream every week. Jenny’s clearly stung by Guy’s words.
Oh no, I didn’t mean those things. I was being an asshole.
I’m not a sack of shit? Manny seems genuinely self conscious. he can to cheer him up.
Okay. If you don't know Jurassic Park, you don't know shit.
Boobs. Vaginas. Butts.
Can I see your penis?
You can be happy without getting married. My parents were married and they were sad and shit.
Manny, whatever you are doing, please stop.
Maybe everyone’s a little bit ugly, Hank. Maybe we’re all just ugly, dying, sacks of shit. And maybe all it’ll take is for one person to just be okay with that, and the whole world will be crying, and dancing, and farting. And everyone will feel a little bit less alone.
That was you, you made all that? Hank looks at Manny.
- and I can only deal with one shit at a time! He goes into the bedroom, followed by EVANS, where we find ELIZABETH LAYTON, typing at the nearby desk, and ANTHONY EDEN, seated in a chair beside the bed, reading
Pug. Welcome to the War Cabinet, such as we are.
I will not stand by to watch another generation of young men die at the bloody altar of your hubris!
You had better manners as a pig.
A boar? Those incompetent louts couldn't catch a piglet, much less a boar.
You!
You lie!
Warning! Assholes are closer than they appear! The dog is barking insanely.
Well, now that you do, you'll know who to call if your Schnauser ever runs away.
Well if it looks like I'm walking funny it's because I have a bunch on reporters up my ass. They've been asking me about Snowflake all day. Who's this?
Good question, Aguado... first I'd establish a motive. In this case the killer saw the size of the bug's dick, and became insanely jealous. The other cops all react with a big "ooooooo". Aguado has no comeback. Ace comes face to face with him.
Yeah? And you're ugly.
Shanked a goddamn 26 yarder!!!
We had a hell of a thing going here. Tourists coming to see Ray Finkle's home town. He was standing right over there when he got the call from the Dolphins. The bartender points to a payphone. It has had the shit beaten out of it. Every expletive you can think of is graffitied around it.
S'cuse meee! Pet Detective!
Sorry, Ace, I can't help you right now. I gotta watch this band! They are the shit!
Put down your guns or this cop gets it!
Then I suggest you take that damned thing into the corridor or some other part of the train where you obviously belong.
The old fella wanted these pictures and Norm said he couldn't have 'em, all I said was 'aw go on, be big about it.'
If I let you have your own way, you little rascal, will you respect me?
Convicts in transit to Wormwood Scrubs. Typical old lags, the lot of 'em.
Y'what!!!
Yes, they were playing the queues outside the picture palaces of Liverpool. Scruffy young lads, lacking even the price of a jam roll. Orphans, every Paddy's son of 'em. I saw their potential at once although I had me doubts about the little fella, a savage primitive, that Ringo, but it was him what gave in first. He picked up a brick and heaved it at me and I quelled him wid one fierce flash of me eyes. "Mister, can you spare us a copper?" he said. I was disarmed by the grubby little outstretched mauler ... So, I took them under me managerial banner.
Ah, go on, you swine.
You're a window rattler, son.
Who are these ruffians?... I've never seen them
Back here, mate.
Isn't it always the way? Picking on us little fellas.
Now, you'll like these. You really "dig" them. They're "fab" and all the other pimply hyperboles.
Make a note of that word and give it to Susan. I think it's rather touching really. Here's this kid trying to give me his utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four weeks he'll be suffering from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he isn't wearing one of these nasty things. Of course they're grotty, you wretched nit, that's why they were designed, but that's what you'll want.
That was fresh this morning. We now see the pub is full of enormous cockney workmen downing pints.
Oh, definitely, it sticks out a mile, she's trying to get him to marry her but he doesn't want ... well ... I don't reckon any fella's ever wanted to get married. But girls are like that, clever and cunning. You've got to laugh. He laughs.
So you just brought the old chap out of the crowd for his own good.
Practising to be thick-headed, you're there already.
You’re an atheist.
Gerda, what’s happening? Gerda looks at him.
Einar hates this kind of thing.
Now you’re sounding like Einar.
It’s so unfair - you’ve got the sweetest tooth and the narrowest hips in the whole store...
Gerda, I know what I’m doing. Gerda backs off.Put your clothes on Bibi.
You're jealous!
We both want that. BIBI
Wasn't always a detective though, Jaime.  Started out doing every shit job in the biz; chauffeur, roadie, publicist, Phil Spector's bodyguard...
Yeah, I'm just some guy named Sam, asswipe.
Reminds me of that song by the all- girl group, the Ovaries, 'Some Guys Eat Reindeer.'  What.  A. Tune!  But what's that lead singer's name.  I'm drawing a fucking blank here...
Come on Ford, this shit's getting old.
Fairlane, you gonna find out who killed the lead singer of Black Vomit?
I'll give you a gut feeling, you little... Hey... hey!  Get that stick out of your mouth.  These things are killers, man.  Don't you go to school, listen to Smokey the Bear and all that...
I got something serious to dis-cuss.
Your tip paid off.  Jazz, this is Sam the Sleazebag.  Sam the Sleazebag, this is Jazz, my secretary.
That's him!  That's the bastard. He flashed us at the Ampitheatre.
It's a new by-law for pathetic jerks who harass women.
Let's just declare war on the hellhole.  Before they make Crocodile Dundee three.
Why shucks, Lt. Anus, you told me to get the fuck out of here...
Disco Ex -- man, that group sucked like a squid, they had some shitty single they wanted me to plug, back in my publicist days...
Hey, you, get off my cloud.  I'm talking to my friend.  1962 Fender Stratocaster with original humbucking pick-ups, maple neck, strung upside down for a left- handed motherfucking genius... Jimi Hendrix.
Poor taste.  I know.  Listen, I respect homosexuals.  When I was young, my maid was a homosexual.
My maid was a homosexual.
Nuthin'.
How could Grendel Records sign such a wick-prick?  I guess Julian Grendel really is deaf as a fucking doorknob.  I hear Ray Charles is going to head up the video division.
I never knew what a blessing my accident was until he died and I had to take over the company.  You see the music is irrelevant in this industry.  I'm going to have to ship this 'wick-prick' platinum just so teenage girls can have a compact disc cover to get wet with.
Terrible thing, but good career move.  His record sales have gone way up.  I'll just have to create a new Black Vomit.
I ain't -- got -- you.
'The Nut-crack-er'... I don't need money.  I need some questions answered.
Can you whistle 'Man in the Mirror' out your ass... 'snapperhead'?
Yeah, I did, you condescending fuck, but I miss Snoopy coming out at the end.  Isn't your enjoyment impaired?
Zuzu Petals!  Zuzu Petals!  Yes! Who killed Bobby Vomit?  Who killed Johnny Crunch?  Why do people want you so goddamn bad?
Now it's getting interesting, Smileyhead.
You were saying, snapperhead?  I'll bet you're not smiling now!
What cheap shit... hey, waiter!
These two guys in long cowboy coats and real nice suits.  I think Armani.  They were going through your stuff with screwdrivers and shit... I did what you would have done.
Is Sting really an asshole?
Not her, Ford.  I'm afraid sometimes a pussy is just a pussy, but a 1962 Fender Stratocaster with an original Humbucking Pick-ups, maple neck, strung upside down for a left-handed genius -- Jimi Hendrix, is something else entirely.
Yeah you assholes, it's in a very safe place with instructions to have it sent directly to the police if I don't make a phone call by seven o'clock.  So if you'll excuse us...
Nice left you got there, jerk.
I'm.  The.  Biggest.  Sissy.  In. The.  Wide.  World.
Whoooo!  Oh, God, buddy, I'm sorry for calling you an asshole. You're number one, man!  Hey, Zuzu, look I found my guitar.
After their initial investment in the factory, Grendel didn't need them.  Told them to fuck off. They tried to get these C.D.s together in order to have proof of Grendel's involvement, so they could keep him in line.  Now's the fun part...
But I've talked long enough.  Now, the moment you've been waiting for. I'd like you to meet the new singer for Black Vomit... Kyle Troy!
Sam the Sleazebag to the rescue!
start the evening crawling down Capital Records, I shoulda chose suicide then, but oh no, the night was young!  Next up, my guitar! The second most important thing I own and now it's toothpicks for the homeless on Hollywood Boulevard!  Then, then, after I burned up your brother, Jazz... I should say as a fucking footnote I've usually treated women like shit -- used corsages, the wet spot, you know giving out Domino's Pizza's phone number and saying it's mine... Tonight was different. I felt respect.  I felt love.  Then Jazz left me... and now I get to die!
Hey, I love you, too, you little jerk.  Jesus, guy tries to make a commitment and he's gotta eat shit.
Time to go home, fellas.
Damn.
It was under control, Bud.  Butchy's just getting tight in his old age.
No way, brother.  Ain't gonna happen.
Thirty-five?  Jesus, you're almost as old
Right here, Chief.  Sorry I lost you last night.  Damn thing keeps cutting out.
No, I want you to follow her.  See if anybody's watching her, hittin' on her. I'm betting somebody's gonna walk outta that bar with her.  When they do, you call the cops.
Mr. Lee make you pay for those veggies.
What are you talkin' about?  I know this prick.  He worked outta Brooklyn North.
The past is a funny thing.  We've all got skeletons in the closet.  You just never know when they're gonna pop up and bite you in the ass, Carl.
You're a clever fuck, fireboy.
I always pay for the damn tv's, don't I?
I know what it's called, jerk.
I got it to Freddie "Boom Boom" Cannon through my friendship with Dick Clark. Dick really wanted to help me out.
Eh, I just don't get into all the bullshit between cats and chicks.
In a way. About the craziest monkey of all: Monkius Humanius! Don't you see? About people! About sex. About romance. About the bullshit of dating!
You're a pretty angry young fella, aren't you? Can't fight worth a damn though.
Yeah, sure, I wanna be a secret agent. Contract agent. Whatever. Get to fuck beautiful Eastern European women. Wear a trenchcoat. Sounds like a kick.
Nice. You got suppresers with those, I'm assuming.
My big cock.
Yeah, I really gork what you're saying, man.
You really grok what I'm saying, man. Not gork.
Wait, you're that guy. You're dead. This is screwy.
Oh, stop being such a fuddy-dud.
A fuddy-dud ?
Tell them your story. Tell them this whole cockamamie story.
Ho-ho ! Hey, you're nailing me... Jesus !...
I'm calm, Larry. Okay, but okay, she's a twin, she's not a twin. I mean, now you're saying we are twins ? What are you, nuts? Okay, I'm calm. I'm calm, okay.
Holy shit, that's my cousin?
Who checked the gas main, asshole!You don't say. And tell me, Mister Yoelson, with that spotlight shining right in your eyes, how ya gonna see faces?!
Come on, let's go inside then. on, fellas.
Where's the document, Dick? You didn't forget to bring it? Glenn hands Jolson a blue-backed contract.
Do you want to get stoned?
You're stoned!
That's 'cause you're stoned.
He's an asshole.
He kinda bites my butt, but he's okay.
I didn't fuck anyone.
Shit.Spats Colombo.
Look, Chief -- I better blow now, because if Spats Colombo sees me, it's Goodbye Charlie.
Come on, Spats -- we know you own this joint. Mozarella is just fronting for you.
He has this bad tooth -- it got impacted -- the whole jaw swole up --
You've flipped your wig!
It's Spats Colombo --
What is it, Spats? What do you want here?
Honest, Spats. I had nothing to do with it.
The police? We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo.
Shave our legs, stupid.
That's why I joined this band. Safety first. Anything to get away from those bums.
She doesn't approve of girls who smoke.
Why, that dirty old man!
Listen, stupid -- right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
Hi, Spats. We was laying eight to one you wouldn't show.
Put 'em up, Spats.
See you at the banquet, Spats.
Well, Spats Colombo -- if I were saw one.
You shave with your spats on?
Don't worry, Spats. One of these days we'll dig up those two guys.
We don't want to run into Spats and his chums.
You too, Spats. Up!Except for this bloke. His name is Frances. Mr. 90210 college boy had found himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. Frances has a MOTOROLA to his ear. He seems very anxious.
The entire DMV is silenced.
Alf disappears behind a curtain. We hear someone moaning from back there. Alf mumbles something. Choco looks at his watch anxiously. He seems to be under a lot of pressure. His clothes are splattered with blood. The entire Winnebago is splattered with blood. Some nasty shit has transpired.
Mum was determined to move us to Beverly Hills. That damn show started it all.
Hot damn... I knew there were
Because I want justice. I want to help put these sleazebags back in jail where they belong.
You white folks don't understand the natural beauty of a woman's figure. Those are birthing hips. More cushion for the pushin'. Lateesha winks at Claremont from across the pool. He goes over
Fella could get used to a life
I am here today to speak for all people of mixed race in America. As a Blacktino woman, I believe that we deserve our own race category... so that we can forge an identity. An OUTRAGED WOMAN stands up in the crowd.
Yes I did. I am a Blacktino American.
First of all... you don't even look Latino. You look black. I am mixed race. I have struggled my whole life as to whether I am black... or Chinese.
These sub-categories are racist. You're excluding all of the mixed race people who have more than two racial identities. People like Mariah Carey and Vin Diesel. Where is their category?
Carl Stein. He's an entertainment lawyer. Some shit firm. EXT. KAPPA EPSILON GAMMA -- SUNSET A FRAT HOUSE sits on FRATERNITY ROW at CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY.
C'mon, boy. I'm gonna whup you and then I'm gonna walk over there and whup your girlfriend. Choco CLOCKS Ed in the face. Ed falls to the ground. Choco grabs a CHAIR, moves to strike, but Ed thwarts him by pulling his GUN. They stare at one another.
There's something else you should know, Domino. Those college kids... were mafia kids. Cigliuti's kids.
Pervert.
I'm in cabin ninety forty-eight, if you need me. Jim watches her walk away.
The last thing Jim expected to hear.
Scares the hell out of me.Ray's got a nice butt. Really tight
Don't be, you had a terrible day and you.got a little wigged out. It happens.
t You've got back bone. Not like that other girl Ray brought by... What was her name? Alicia? She was dreadful. So ill-mannered. And no ambition.
Choke on it, bitch. She kicks the old woman's jaw.. It SNAPS shut, trapping the envelope between her broken teeth. Muddy water cascades down into the grave, flowing over Mrs.. Ganush's face. It covers everything, except the jutting envelope and a single, staring white eye. Stephanie tries to climb out but the walls are too slick. She grabs at a clump of sod at the top of the hole but it tears away, unleashing an avalanche of mud that buries her up to her armpits.I’m telling you, with European girls it’s just a numbers game. If you stand on a street corner of any major European city and consecutively ask every girl you see if she’ll fuck you, one out of twenty will say yes -- right then and there.
I’m no fag.
All of a sudden she starts COUGHING, then sips her beer, actually downs it. Sean’s eyes widen in delighted surprise. She’s drunk enough for him to fuck with.
Tim’s girlfriend, Sari, is preggers. he doesn’t care.
No. You “deal with it”. This place is going to shit. I just came out of a Student Council meeting where the Freshmen reps want fraternity houses installed on campus. I came here to get away from jock idiots and frat assholes.
Tori has a point, Lauren. You do have a track record of dating boys who go the gay way.
Everyone knows that a guy knows how to suck dick and take it up the ass better than a girl.
Is our shit stepped on, Guest? Na, mon. snow.
Our shit’s clean as mornin’
Saturdays suck. I don’t have to put up with this bullshit. I’m dropping this class. She looks at him for a moment, checking him out. Me too. Really? Yeah.
You’ve got to come to Windham House. He’s there. Oh shit. Jesus, Paul. We’ve got to do something.
It’s Dick.
Perhaps Paul and I should-MRS. JARED No. No. If anyone’s going to leave the table it’s going to be Richard. It’s Dick!
You know. Bi. Bilingual? Bisexual.
You still banging that girl from Hawaii?
You know it, brother. They bop fists.
Sounds like jailbait.
Okay. Calm down. You don’t have to get all chivalrous and shit. I’m not trying to stab at her honor. Good.
Bitchin’ ride.
Don’ fuck wit us now, mon.
Now can we go back in? I'm freezing my ass off out here.
Yo, am I the Invisible motherfuckin' Man here?    Do you have a phone or not? Kyle peels a five dollar bill off a serious WAD OF CASH. That gets Bob's attention. Bob snaps the money out of his hand.
Whaddya talkin' about?
Don't look at me like that, lady! I'm tryin' to fuckin' help you! Now put your goddamn hands over the hole before your husband bleeds to death! Obeying, she cups her hands over the hole in his neck, desperately trying to stop the flow of blood leaking out between her fingers. Percy scrambles over with a first-aid kit and together he and Kyle get to work on Howard's neck.
No Twilight Zone shit if that's what you mean. Jeep slips the key into the driver's side door.     Unlocks it.
Back off, fella...
Fuck! Jeep pumps the gas and the ENGINE BURSTS TO LIFE! The creature's about to punch a fist through the glass
thial Thia ia not
and pulls ber to the floor :.us the BEDCI.O'l'HES their heads, dartin9 around tlle rooa like a trapped fly. lose They suddenly huddled figures.
do it, Bannister!
not having you ectoplasmic auck
Damn rustler's took me jaw bone!
rotten tongue.
Bannister
She doesn't wanna story, Bannister!
mess witi' her, man!
messed some badass brother real bad, Frank.
knocking the quns away.
over sees DAKKERScasting
Hey, Benny my man! Who have been hustling? STUARTgrabs
ae when you're
slave for six months. Six 110nths spent in of the service my country, dist,;i:liSed as a ••• filthy hippy! EXT.
Get'em
Starltweatherl
Mother wants to talk to the she police • • • she has things wants to tell th• • • Sbe '11 be down in a ainute. LUCYnods reassuringly.
shuts bia
What, you sacked her?
How about you Eva? I guess the littlest hobo is grounded for a while huh?
You peed your pants!
Well I know you don’t give a shit what I think but could you at least tell me what this is about? Eva glances up at her reflection in the mirror. Franklin is crashing around in the bedroom.
dressed in an identical miniature T-shirt and with a freshly pierced nose glowing pussily, skulks by the gates.
This was your idea. I never said I wanted to talk about a fucking thing. They sit in silence for a long moment. Eva takes another deep gulp of her wine. Kevin pulls a complimentary crayon from a rustic jar in the middle of the table. He idly scribbles on the paper table cloth.
I'm to tell you Corporal, that I love you more than my Colour Sergeant
He's my nephew... he can shoot, track and speak Zulu and fight like hell... he's got Assegai marks to prove it...
Don 't leave your gin around, Vereker, or Harford will have it full of preserved butteifties. A damned waste, if you ask me.
Um. And a damn close thing it was too.
share your Mess bill for a week.
tautly circling. Their shields are held at the defensive, their assegais poised for underhand thrust.
Do I believe what me eyes see? The whole bleedin' Army movin' off to meet the murderin' heathen and what goes on in 'ere? A game ofBrag.
'Ere! Come back 'ere you thievin' little beggar~ 20
One Zulu is only one man.. ..and I'm afeared of no one man... but the Zulu, they come in the thousands.... like a black wave of death.... in the thousands.... and them assegais.... stabbing!
Enough of your politicking, Noggs.
if they're too close together, the stupid things 'ii walk into each other and you can sit on your arse for a good four hours. Turning about on his seat he addresses the train under his command:
You're leaving us Master Boer?
I'llfix 'im, Serg'
With a slight chuckle he leans closer to CREALOCK. I wouldn 't take overly comfort from that Crealock old fellah because if~he sinks, then you sink with him.
Keep steady. You're the best shots of the Twenty-Fourth. You bunch of heathens, do it
He uses it when he's trying to pick up transsexuals.
Firstly, you are a stupid asshole and I hate you and Secondly... Secondly... She muses on what she was going to say next. Sidney looks over his shoulder, imagining Sophie waiting for him.
Alright. Alright. Don't, you know, get snot everywhere...
You can be my bitch.
Your limpy pig.
I'm your limpy pig!
When you choose to live here you choose to live with some of the ·minor drawbacks of living in a seventy-year-old building in one of the shittiest neighborhoods in America. Minor drawbacks such as this loose step. A seventy-yearold step is entitled to be slightly loose. But is it a hazard? No! It's a perfectly good slightly loose step! I walk u~ and down this step all the time!
son, please. The reason you and I own and operate buildings in New York City is that it's the biggest, steamin~, out-of-control pisspot in the history of man. It's a city where drug pushers can open up shops with window displays and there are so many murders every day that the Post gets to pick which one will make the most disgusting headline. Nobody gives a shit about a few whiney kookaboos. Big Lou gives Louie a paternal pat on the back.
There are two sides. On one side is your husband, your only child, and right. On the other side is an idiot judge, a sex-starved lawyeress, and some good-fornothing bongoes And me.
Louie, please. Save your questions for an attorney who knows his ass from a hot rock.
Goddamn EXT. BUILDING - DAY As Louie comes out onto the street. His red Corvette is still there, but its hubcaps are gone.
Navajo white will make a huge difference.
believed it.
How long have you been in this business? That wasn't a real work crew. They're like actors. All the slumlords use them. You didn't have workmen, you had the Rumanian Secret Police. Three months ago they were tearing people's fingernails out. Hold on Louie.
How the fuck do I get out of this place? Louie rushes to the alarm system and presses the code that causes the alarm to stop. Then he opens the door for his father.
A slumlord.
Whaddayou trying to do!? Jesus, Marlon, what happened to you?
Shit, this guy's no good. Marlon throws the cards, as Polyester #1 steps closer, taking out his money. He has a big wad. Polyester #1 puts twenty on the card on the right. Marlon turns it over. It's the queen. Polyester #1 wins.
to be so damn cheap,
superfreak of contrad .ictions.
this is how Transformers shapes. replicate mechanical $~r-U RESHAPING! They GAPE as metal Bumblebee's chassis morphs, twisting il)DI cl'fr"'EXACTDUPLICATE of the GTO. Bitchin.
fQr Sorry Mags, I'm not going to jail you, or anybody!
They ylfStqpil!
Tom Banachek from the White
W"ide him!
GGGGOOOOOOSSAAMMM
ass like a running -- dodging between their legs, nearly getting his greatest advantage! The soldiers provideThat no matter where you are or what you’re doing, pulls you out your seat. That was me and my crew: The Flossy Posse. The Flossy Posse tear it down with dance that’s all their own. No guys. Just them. PARTY-GOERS stare and point, but these girls don’t give a shit.
As usual, you guys fucking killed it! And I’m not the only one who thought so...
Heyyy. In that case, let me holler at three whiskey shots and a coke to chase that shit. Coke zero, though, I’m watching my figure. Actually, do you have Cherry Coke?
Damn, this shit gonna happen all weekend? It’s like travelling with Beyonce.
Simone. No last name. Some Instagram ho. I heard she sucked off A-Rod in a bathroom stall once. Sasha shows Simone’s latest Instagram photos. SIMONE, 20s, is Amber Rose-salacious and sexy.
Now, let’s get out of here! Flossy Posse’s back in N’awlins! Let’s go!
Damn. This is the shit. Wow...
Classic Sasha. Can’t let shit go.
Nah, man. You got the wrong room. She starts to shut the door.
Lis, hurry up! Maxwell ain’t gonna wait all night to meet me, the man’s got shit to do!
and we love you for it, but tonight? You need to be a MILF.
Now, hold on -TYLER PERRY No, heifer, YOU hold on! The filthy lies you spread on that digital bathroom wall of yours are disgusting. You know damn well I didn’t “canoodle” with Shonda Rhimes.
Are you being good for Meemaw?... Austin? Where’d you go? Her signal died. Dammit!
Fuck yeah! We just peed on Bourbon Street!
Just so you know -- Bethany from Calmart will be in the audience. She wants to get your vibe before the meeting. Ryan’s vibe right now is hungover as fuck. She puts on a smile.
Ryan is on some Academy Award shit right now for that performance.
Uh-huh. Yeah. It’s colloquial: “put your foot in it”, “so good make ya wanna slap ya mamma” “bitch gonna get hurt” Same etymology.
Oh, THAT Bethany! We love that bitch! Let’s make a toast.
Oh shit -- do not look up! MONTAGE of the ladies tripping: -In Sasha’s POV she’s hurling through space -Dina dances with a model-looking type guy and she is into him, grinding her ass all over his crotch as the camera moves to reveal a hideous dude who can’t believe his luck. -Lisa looks toward a myriad of statues of Jazz Musicians that suddenly animate and come to life. Lisa is mezmerized. 66
Damn, girl! Ooooh. That’s some freaky shit! 68
We’ve gotta save Ry! If we’re trippin, she’s trippin.
Oh hell yeah. Let’s dance this shit off. The ladies hit the floor, doing their old sorority step dances. The crowd goes wild. The Flossy Posse owns the floor. Until... A group of YOUNG CHICKS, 20s, trashy as fuck, answer the call. They bring the noise.
Well, shit, if Lisa starts a party,
That is a beautiful penis.
What you mean there ain’t no etoufee left? I waited all this damn time. What you got then? Red beans and rice? Aight.
Look, y’all men have egos... his was deflated. Retiring fucked him up. That’s how men are: rudderless, needing a purpose.
Aw shit. Look who grew up and grew a pair. Alright, Julian. I see you!
I don’t know about that-JULIAN Bullshit. You do know about it. From the moment you walked on campus, you owned it. Not cocky, just matter of fact: “I’m the shit, y’all. Recognize.” They share a laugh.
Step on it, man! Stop bullshitting! He pumps his legs harder.
Ryan, baby. Be careful-RYAN Sit your ass down. Now.
Well y'all know what that means... it’s a celebration, bitches! Dina pops the champagne bottle. The ladies all cheer. 117
On the basis that Nicky Parsons has compromised a covert operation. She is up to her neck in it.
This is about Daniels, not Nicky!
Damn straight.
Look, if you're going to keep bitching, MacReady -- Palmer's offered to take him up...
Turn that crap down, Nauls. You can hear it all over the camp!
Clark! Will you kennel this goddamn dog?
Little ice core drilling... some seismology... glaciology... same old shit we do.
Childs, you got the torch? You get your ass in here!!
Yeah, they dig him up and cart him back. He gets thawed out, wakes up and scares the shit out of them. And they get into one hell of a brawl...
The hell you won't, MacReady!
Damn you, Blair! You've already got everybody half-hysterical around here.
Never any damn ice around here...
Theoretically any of us could be whatever the hell this thing is.
Can't see anyone objecting to you, Norris.
You fellas okay over there?
Where are you, Garry? Don't you move an inch, Copper.
Cut the bullshit... Okay, Sanchez, you come with us. Norris... you stay here...
Now hold on, you dumb...
...is one bad-ass and strong muther.
You been made, MacReady.
It's cool, man. We ain't near you, man... Stay cool...
Damn it, quit the bickering and give me a hand. Wheel that fibrillator over here.
Damn you, MacReady!
Watching Norris in there... gave me the idea that maybe every part of you bastards is a whole. Every piece of you is self-sufficient, an animal unto itself. When a man bleeds it's just tissue. But blood from one of you Things won't obey. It's a newly formed individual with a built-in desire to protect its own life. When attacked, your blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say.
Yes sir! Whew. That was quite a load of horseshit you gents were layin' out there.
Uh, Dick, you know what I'm goin' for. Make it sound good. DING-DONG! It's the doorbell. Everyone turns.
You and your whole non-representational
Stumbled onto some hot gossip: Madame Chiang Kai-shek is coming to town! Straight from Taipei! I think we should present her with a painting -get Dick to flack it...
You are one crazy bitch. Walter spins and grandly enters. He grabs two CHAMPAGNES from a server.
How well I know. We'll sue those reckless bastards dry. Excuse my language.
You seemed like a woman with all the vices.
You're killing me.
Who's "they"'
I'm too dumb. Woman, you know.
You wouldn't believe the dorkus she was with when I met her. The guy came to us with a business proposition. We're always looking for opportunities. If the conditions are right. We're willing to take an occasional risk, if the downside isn't too steep. But this guy hadn't done his homework, he didn't know the bottom line. That's how I knew he was full of shit. You've got to know the bottom line. That's all that really counts.
You brought this on yourself, man! I don't run this department, you know. There are people watching this thing. They hear you're out there banging the widow every night; it tends to call attention to you. So don't give me shit.
You're some kind of health nut.
But Oscar, Oscar's not like that. His whole life is based on doing the right thing. He's the only person I know like that. Sometimes it's a real pain in the ass. Even for him.
You never quit, do you? You just keep on coming.
Relax, I know about planes and shit, man. They're real safe.
Lord, let us be good. Specially Markie. Please help him keep his dick in his pants.
He looks like Yoda.
He didn't like you, man.
Will you cut the crap out? KOOL
I can't believe you did that to us, man.
I'm white, man! LOWRY,
Shit, man, it's the super.
Yo, who you calling an idiot? Markie slaps him.
And he's sweating, man.
You killed him, man.
She's YQYl: mother, man.
Damn. MARKIE
George thinks it was the Puerto Rican one's fault.
Markie's got a girl to say\ goodbye·to? Shit, man, that's crazy. We're the ones who;got sex appeal.
What are you doin? it for me, man.
These guys are gonna kick our asses.
Those guys are mean.
Those guys got guns.
One last final touch. He holds the gun at arm's length and points it toward his ass.Ray, as your friend I have to tell you I think you've really gone around the bend on this ghost stuff. You've been running your ass off for two years checking out every schizo in the Five Boroughs who thinks he's had an experience. And what have you seen?
It looks like a big pair of breasts and a pot belly.
He looks at Spengler. He shrugs.
Forget it, Venkman. You had your chance to cooperate but you thought it was more fun to insult me. Now it's my turn, smart-ass.
Just do it, fella. for your opinion.
Mom, keep yer mouth shut.
Gitcha hands off me!
Figured you'd be rollin out round now. How you doin, buddy?
Heard yer old lady ain't at the Bunny Hop no more.
Just thinkin bout that fella today.
You got kids, Deng?
S'cuse me?
Ain't lookin for nuthin.
Yer crazy.
Goddamn, they grow up quick, don't they?
... and then the strangest thing happened. Them boys ran right on past me. Didn't even see me sittin there. Now the way I figure it, things would have turned out pretty different if I had pulled out that shotgun instead of this here Bible. And that's probably the first time I can remember God savin my butt.
God gave you purpose, Sam Childers. Now stop yer cryin, get off yer butt and build it again.
The Lord don't ask for nuthin you can't deliver, buddy. And yer one tough ole boy.
I hear that, but you gotta understand that them kids over there got nuthin. I mean nuthin, Bill, and I'm not asking for much.
I don't see nuthin.
S'cuse me, what are you doing?
Hey, s'cuse me...
You're thinking of "shit".
He cuts Buck off.
Pardon me. I don't sell goddamn tires. Which is, in your book, the most noble thing in the world. And anybody who doesn't do it is a bum. Buck pulls a cotton laundry bag out from under his bed and begins filling it with clothing.
She hates everybody.
Who were you talking dirty to?
I'd love to shoot the shit with you but you've got work to do.
I'm not familiar with your butt, Maizy, so I might be speaking out of school but I don't think you can call anything on your butt a beauty mark. Beauty and butt just don't work in the same sentence unless you're alot older.
You met Beaumont.
A snotty, spoiled little face.
He comes qack just as hard.
Your Uncle's beating the crap out of the clown!
Buck rips the tape off his mouth.
Watch out for my butt!
Ooh. Hey, do me a favor, grab my butt.
AND THOUGH WE KNOW HE WASHES WELL HE ALWAYS ENDS UP SORTA SMELLY. BUT YOU'LL NEVER MEET A FELLA WHO'S AS SENSITIVE AND SWEET.Hey, Poobah, when you gonna take on someone your own size?
You're Derice Bannock, right?
out of his office.
Oh, no. Don't tell me you been down to Chatman Square talkin' to that rascal.
Look, kid, I'm sure you got a terrible problem but 'A', I don't bobsled no more and 'B', I don't give a shit. And let me just conclude by saying, if you're both not out of here by the time I finish wiping, your balls are gonna be hanging from my rear-view mirror. Sanka and Derice are out of their stalls and halfway to the door when Derice turns, stops, takes out the envelope and slides it into Irv's stall.
Your ass mine, rich boy!! Team unity,
Yo, slinky-head, you're crowding me.
Let me tell you a little something about teamwork ... It's a pain in the bubkus ... But without it, you're just four dumb shmucks in a fancy toboggan. So remember ... Stay together.
You hear that, fellas? Stay together. They stand there.
I ain't smokin'. I'm breathing! Everybody on the bus is staring at our boys. When we cut back, all four of them are exhaling their asses off, amazed that they can see their breath. Sanka makes smoke rings and pokes his finger through them. EXT. OPEN ROAD - DAY The bus rambles down an open highway. There are giant snowfields on either side. CLOSE ON: All four faces pressed against the bus window looking out .
Hey, Roger, when it was down to you and Morrison for that last goddamn slot on the '68 Chantillly squad and you pleaded with me to talk to Kurt ... Did I say, "Sorry, Roger, you know I can't do that?" Beat.
Thanks, Roger ... You know something ... You're a damn nice guy.
Alright, you candy-ass track stars. Let the ice-rasta show you how it's done.
Alright, finally! Some American rastas.
! ain't eatin' it. I kissin' it .
What I'm sayin is, you're the kind of club totin' cave man bastard that counts to ten by stompin' with his foot. Yul goes over to the dresser and starts whippin' through the drawers.
Where the hell you been?
Them boys got Jamaica lookin' the fool in front de' entire world.
Don't you be listenin' to that!
Want to know what I see? I see pride. I see power. I see a bad-ass mother who ain't takin' no crap off nobody .
I see a bad ass mother .
I see pride. I see power. I see a bad-ass mother who ain't takin' no crap off nobody.
I love this goddamn sport. All of a sudden a POLICEMAN comes trudging up the path. He calls down to Irv.
But that German rascal go and push my teammate. 'Nuff respect ... We had to fight!
6.1 ... Damnnit !
Come on, Ferte, you old horse thief . The damn pageant is about to start. Ferte turns a dial, but we just hear more static .
This startles Bevil.
Ladies ... I know you're gettin 1 hooked up ... and I gotta tell you your shit is looking good.
Look, Smitty, we give passes to a handful of fly honeys to get the fellas in. You don't exactly give us much of a promotion budget to work wit ' . SMITTY
Damn girl, you still growin'?
We don't have the crowd we need here Tee. Look at all these damn comps!
Tee, you're a straight up ho. I'm talkin' about tasteful, exotic dancers.
She was whack, man. Mia and Peaches.
Bring that fine ass over here near me.
His country ass lost stammer and stutter. Earl struggles to his feet.
What shit are you talkin' now, Tee?
Yo, where are you goin man? an hour!
Yeah, a'ight, man. I'm rollin' wit' my lady right now. I'll get back at you later. Peace.
Whoooah!  No shit?  I'm impressed.
Yo!  Vasquez.  Kick ass!
Poor bastard.
Ow!  Shit.  Watchit, she bites.
Looks like a Goddamn town meeting.
Hotter'n hell in here.
Spunkmeyer?  Goddammit.
Thanks a lot!  Now I can't hear shit.
All right... Look, Willie, you tell 'em too much. Just tell 'em you're going to soak the fat boys and forget the rest of the tax stuff.
Certain policemen in this city have become an intolerable nusiance.
Hans was an incompetent piece of shit • • • but he had one good idea in his life, and he just gave it to me: One big shipment. That's exactly what we're going to do. Move it all out at once.
Whaddaya building here, Rog?
You're right, Cochise.
That maybe you should sit this one out. We think Murtaugh's going to bite Riggs' head off at the suggestion. but then he surprises us with a very wide smile. Shit, Riggs drive.
You Leo Getz?
Not :nuch.
Good answer. And that's why I'm in such deep shit right now. I've been living out of a suitcase for weeks. Moving from hotel to hotel.
can't believe his eyes. A goddamned Surf Board is hurtling towards him like a guided missile. It EXPLODES through the windshield -- SHATTERING GLASS in all directions. FULL SHOT -
Don't talk to them, damnit! Get the briefcase and step away! Riggs give her a private, conspiratorial smile.
This guy is dirty!
Holy fuck! INT.
Do I look like a black man to you? Yes you do. Mr. Jones.
Sam, Sam, Sam, we’ve got to talk about those scenes tomorrow, disaster, who the hell wrote that crap?
Eddie, darling. Hedda.
Mag. Nificent.
No, Duke, he wasn’t -HEDDA HOPPER Stay out of it, Eddie -DALTON TRUMBO
But... times change. Now I’ll happily fuck you. CUT TO: EXT. MGM STUDIOS - LOUIS B. MAYER’S OFFICE - DAY Black & white NEWSREEL, created by us, of Mayer, flanked by all the other studio heads, reading a press statement to camera:
I love him, too, the warty son of a bitch.
Why not. Got the best room in the joint. You oughta know, you paid for it.
Nigger said that?
Are you Hedda Hopper?
Or what, Hedda? They stare at each other, neither moving or blinking.
Sure. Thanks. And tell Hedda...
Mr. King, I’m a screenwriter. If I couldn’t write shit, I’d starve. On the walls, lurid posters of King Brothers movies: starfree gangster, horror, sci-fi and western quickies.
The two men, several drinks in, fairly hammered, trying to work.
You know, Hedda, one more...
Hedda, is your friend trying to scare me?
Hedda, that’s expensive and pointless.
He say he know you killing him.
...said a lot of people, when they're dyin', they see this light, like in a tunnel.  They say it's the light leading you to heaven.
I miss Doc.  I miss that ol' rip.
Well I'm no Wild Bill.  Way I Handle 'em's just mainly live and Let live.  That usually answers But even so, gets kinda spooky Sometimes.  Still somebody's gotta Do it, I mean how the hell else You gonna walk down the street?
Why Johnny Tyler, you madcap, Where are you going with that Shotgun?
Doc!  How the hell are you?
You know damn well who I mean. That dusky-hued lady Satan.
You seem like a nice fella.  Like To've know you better.  Had you lived.
Hey, law-dog.  The hell you doin' here?
Well you got trouble and it Starts with you.
Listen to yourself, Wyatt.  Lie Down and crawl or you might get Hurt?  What kinda talk is that? That's Virgil lyin' over there, Wyatt.  Our own brother.  Ruined For life.  No sir, I ain't going No place.  You want to go, fine. I'm stayin' right here and have It out with those bastards.
Keep your eyes open for Earp's Bunch.  Swear to God, ain't gonna Get the drop on us this time.
Hell no, brother.
That's Ringo out front.  And There's Behan.  Must be 30 of 'em. What the hell... they're wearin' Badges.
It's Holliday.  He's sick.  Imagine He's dyin'.
My fight's not with you, Holliday.
That's funny, I'm sure I had it here a minute ago - oh, hang on a sec - it's up my arse! Steve.
Unreliable bastards, eh?
Bloody Miu Mius.
I'm going for a piss.
That is *such* bollocks. Where do you get this shit from? Palisade wouldn't go round executing people, even if they were psychos.
Well you're both wrong. This is what really happened. Back in the sixties, these places were private hospitals for rich fuckers. All the nurses were foxy chicks, and they used to get really lonely. We see Steve's version: impossibly beautiful young women sashaying around in tight nurse outfits, in soft focus.
Except for one young bloke who turned up one day with a broken leg. They moved him into an empty ward, andMAGGIE Steve. Does this story end with that man having sex with all the nurses?
Lobber nobber? Fobber gobber dobber lobber?
Hey! I'm on your team, Richard! And so is my ass! The game descends into farce, with people running around in circles, shooting at each other and laughing. Gareth appears, with his whistle. He blows the whistle.
Either someone really, really wants to catch a bear, or there's a fuckload of bears to catch.
Got you, you fucker! You okay?
If you see a crazy bloke with a shotgun, tell him his dog's dead. Richard gives Steve his metal spike, nodding. Steve slaps him on the arm, awkwardly.
I don't need this. It's my fucking birthday, for fuck's sake. I should be in a pub getting drunk with my mates. This is the worst birthday ever. Steve sighs, looking tired. Maggie smiles at him.
Okay, motherfucker. You want me? Come and get me. The hunter approaches with his knife. He and Maggie circle each other like caged tigers. The hunter swipes at Maggie's stomach, but she jumps back, dodging it. As the hunter is on his down-swing, Maggie darts around and kicks him in the knee. The hunter staggers, grunting in pain. He slashes at her arms, cutting her lightly.
A black newsreader.
Good.  Now, I have some business to finish up, but when I'm done, you're going to tell me about the mutants you ran into at that freak show, and you're going to tell me in such excruciating detail that I'll feel like I was with you.  Except, if I had been, I wouldn't have let a bunch of filthy muties beat the crap out of me.
This is me and him, Bobby, man to man. You stay out of it.
You see a fat guy go through here?
These X-Men are wimps!
Calm down, sissy-boy.  We're not going to hurt you, no matter how much we'd like to.
What a jackass.
Hockey players whoop more ass.
I’m in 2R, up the stairs, just crash wherever. Park in the side lot- rear doors tight to the wall so no one steals your shit.
He’s a Juggalo.
Yeah- don’t talk politics, but stick with Daniel. I’d tag along but he and his girl are coming here to crash. Gotta vacuum and shit.
No shit! And we’re in a rDARCY LISTEN. No one’s trying to wipe this clean. Whatever you saw or did is not now my concern. Tell whoever you want whatever you want. All I ask is that you understand you were held here for your own safety. Before you were let go. A crossfire of looks, a surge of hope.
Big ass bunker.
Still the Misfits.
Watchit.
-full cammo, thousand dollar automatic paint-guns. They knew real war and they played real war. Tactics, hand signals, flankingjust wiped us all out. So Rick gets fed up and says ‘fuck it’. Didn’t care about getting shot. Didn’t take cover. It was hopeless. The last match, the whistle blows and he just tears out there- full jackass, in cut-offs and sneakersand takes out their entire team. Never stops. Just running and shooting and laughing until they’re all dead.
The Skinhead turns, IT’S PAT, SHAVED HEAD, WEARING BIG JUSTIN’S JACKET, HIS FACE COVERED IN SHARPIE ‘WAR PAINT’.
My desert island band. Two beaten, half-assed warriors in the late summer breeze.
dtin I t know your
Sanetimes ah 1 lteepin peep th all the ol'
'!hen hew ccme that man called me
e no more y'
There you a.re, ma little turtle ya. got to. dee. Wondered w Wbere I s your pa.?
loolts up at hotel.
Give ya jus 1 twenty.
Ah'm talld.n' 'bout bootleggin'. Ah' m talld.n 1 1bout nine hundred fUty dollar. Now just where might that be?
I sure don't lil!:e to send a man to the road gang. Never have. Always felt sorry for them poor devils.
craziest -Hurry.
That sign says "E sworth. 11 You 1 re takin' us ck into Kansas.
He puffs on the cigarette.
Just the man for that limpet mine job. I have had trouble with him before. But he's stayed away from Istanbul for over a year now. Take a look —- you should remember him. This man kills for pleasure. Bond looks through the periscope. BOND'S POV - THE CONFERENCE ROOM Krilencu is still talking, then suddenly stops and looks at the door which is opening.
Excuse me. You did say your cock was correct?
Bond watches him.
'Old man'? Is that what you chaps in SMERSH call each other?
That's only half of it, old man. Bond stares at him.
stares at her.
You're crazy, man. Smart dresser, but crazy.
Hot Pants, this here is Sugar Man. I'll take you to the show tonight. Pick you up at seven. How am I hitting you?
Goddamn, Waynette; you sure do look foxy today. If you weren't already married, I'd...
Redneck heaven.
Let's get the hell outta here.
Listen, pardner; this ain't no time to be getting laid.
We're cool. The dumb schmuck took the wrong turn.
So will I, hoss. So will I.
This is Bandit II. Now, where the hell are you?
I'm gonna get that bastard. No one makes Buell Clayton look like a fool. Let's get going.
You know, my mother was a dancer, too. Her big shot was the touring company of 'Brigadoon.' She's been married three times. To a redneck, a poet and her tennis instructor.
-- Believe me, fellas; I'd love to schmoos, but...
Bandit?!? You're the Bandit? The fella been runnin' the blue troopers ragged?
Lemme shake your hand, boy! You're my new goddamn idol.
If we'da known you was the Bandit, we wouldn't a never lipped off to your old lady.
My first father was a redneck. He taught me how to drive fast and pants people.
Son-of-a-gun. Me too.
Nice ass.
-- Trucking ain't the easiest life in the world. I mean, you can't make it much past fifty and you sure as shit don't get a gold watch when you hang it all up. But I like keeping on the move. You know?
-- That's a big ten-four, Texas. Now, we gonna nail that joy ridin' sumbitch.
Some boy named Bandit's been givin' the Highway Patrol shit fits.
Hey, man; this your goddam mutt?
Hey, pal; I told you. Cut that shit out.
Hey, c'mon fellas...
What do you want me to do, Hot Pants? Beg?
I owe you a big one, Hot Pants.
That crazy sumbitch made it.
Say, 'nigger, fuck me.'
Say, 'Nigger.'
Say, 'Nigger, fuck me hard!'
Gay people are people too, you know. You're just being prejudiced.
You a pervert?
Not really. He's kind of a wuss.
Hey, how come you drive such a shitty car?
My Jesus
Doesn't mean nuthin.
You're too hard on her, 1Lily. . Oh, poo.
Thank you, Mayor, but I can speak tor myaelf.
You know damn well what Lieutenant. Farmer, the one who ' s been doing all the pushing.
You got something on your mind, cheapie. Let's have it.
Be killed her.
Jackoff Jenko.
I think the real question is what the fuck are you doing here? I thought you’d be working in a lab or like...in space, or like...a spacelab.
Dude. Get ready for a life of ass kickery.
Hilarious, very clever, fellas. But guess what? We are cops. So show a little respect.
Schmidt! We got one! We fucking got one!
You idiots are perfect. You’re officially transferred.
Alright. Let’s shave our balls and wax our asses.
He is fucking hot. Like old-school hot. Not this like hipster I don’t care about my body bullshit. His jaw is like the boy version of big boobs.
Thank you! Got a new stylist. Lesbian. Into me. I think it makes her do a better job.
That’s very insightful. But what do you have to be worried about? When we were in high school, you played three sports, you were invited to all the parties, you had sex with basically every girl I dreamed of even speaking to. I mean, this should be pretty fucking easy for you. I’m the one who should be freaked out about it.
Just don’t drive it like teenagers, revving the engine and shit.
Who you calling nerd?
I’m just busting your balls, man.
Busting your balls again.
I gotta crow. I gotta brag. I got-We see Molly laughing her ass of at him. He catches sight of this and barely manages to contain his laughter.
I’m Doug, and this is my brother-JENKO Brad! Nice to meet you. Oh, and hey... sorry about Juario, I-ERIC Don’t worry about it. Juario can be kind of a dick.
Peed his pants in third grade, everyone called him Pisstopher.
I wasn’t invited, I just heard about it, but that doesn’t matter; The point is that Christopher Chu went from being Pisstopher Poo, to being Chu Chu Party Train. Coolest kid in school.
Well here’s the thing, I can’t sell all this shit alone, but it’s gotta be people I trust. I like you. You’re sincere. So I want you to start pushing for me. You do good, maybe we’ll bring you in on the operation, introduce you to the boss. Cool?
I push weight like it’s nothin, yo. Re-up my ass.
Anyone who says they don’t care about prom actually secretly does. Come on, picture it: You roll up in a white limo with fine-ass honeys. Step out dressed to the nines with your best buds. Doves fly out behind you in slow motion.
Your brother’s kind of a dick.
Don’t listen to that stuff, man.
You know who doesn’t like people who brag? People who never get to brag. Because people who do stuff that is braggable know how fucking enjoyable it is and can appreciate it when other people are bragging.
Busting your balls.
It’s just, people are so full of shit, you know? So I like to keep people guessing. But you, you’re different. You’re real. You’re exactly who you say you are.
You’re driving too close, man. They’re gonna make us.
Dude... No...
One day I catch Eco Buttmunch here smoking a JJ behind the fieldhouse, and I’m like, you want to make some coin? Seriously if you guys just apply yourselves a little more, you’ll be sittin’ where I am.
About to make some real money without having to do shit.
Well, how do you ever expect to make any new friends with that attitude. Everyone’s a stranger until you give them a chance, man.
Dammit! DOUG PENHALL, DEA. YOU ARE UNDER ARREST!
Holy shit! Nice!!!
We know what it’s like being undercover, man. We’re Metro Police, Jump Street division-TOM HANSON Whoa whoa whoa you’re Jump Street? Get the hell out of here! I was--
Bro! Let’s get the hell out of here while these suckers all kill each other.
I wanted to say something cool, nevermind, let’s go. They jump out from cover and kick fucking ass, dodging bullets and firing weapons. Jenko shoots a 1%er dead. Schmidt gets tripped up and Jenko kills the last one.
That’s when two atoms share electrons. Each needs what the other’s got and they join forces. It makes them stick together. And another thing about a covalent bond. It’s got a shitload of energy.
Dude, you’re a goddamn stud. You gotta know that. You’re awesome.
You’re intelligent and thoughtful and sincere and loyal and I fucking cherish you.
So who are you? TheGuy leans further out the window.
Wendy's a jerk!
He's a Cyberpooch 2000.
Off of me you .imbeciles! Gradenko pushes her way out of the mess as ARGONAUT comes running up the tunnel. He attacks Gradenko. CARMEN
Minion.
Minion? What happanod to your head?...The common man'll still be here when you get back. What the hell, they might even have one or two of 'em out in Hollywood.
...Are you a tranz or a rez?
My name is Jack Lipnik. I run this dump. You know that ? you read the papers.
Lou treating you all right? Got everything you need?  What the hell's the matter with your face? What the hell's the matter with his face, Lou?
That's okay, that's okay, that's okay ? that's just fine. You probably just walked in here thinking that was going to be a handicap, thinking we wanted people who knew something about the medium, maybe even thinking there was all kind of technical mumbo- jumbo to learn. You were dead wrong. We're only interested in one thing: Can you tell a story, Bart?  Can you make us laugh, can you make us cry, can you make us wanna break out in joyous song? Is that more than one thing? Okay.  The point is, I run this dump and I don't know the technical mumbo-jumbo. Why do I run it? I've got horse-sense, goddamnit. Showmanship. And also, and I hope Lou told you this, I bigger and meaner than any other kike in this town. Did you tell him that, Lou? And I don't mean my dick's bigger than yours, it's not a sexual thing ? although, you're the writer, you would know more about that. Coffee?
Ah, hell, let Bart take a crack at it.  He'll get into the swing of things or I don't know writers. Let's make it a dame, Bart, keep it simple. We don't gotta tackle the world our first time out. The important thing is we all have that Barton Fink feeling, but since you're Barton Fink I'm assuming you have it in spades.  Seriously Bart, I like you. We're off to a good start. Dammit, if all our writers were like you I wouldn't have to get so goddamn involved. I'd like to see something by the end of the week.
Yeah. I'm damn sorry, if I bothered you.  The damn walls here, well, I just apologize like hell...
Neighbor, I'd feel better about the damned inconvenience if you'd let me buy you a drink.
Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man.
And that's the point, that we all have stories. The hopes and dreams of the common man are as noble as those of any king. It's the stuff of life ? why shouldn't it be the stuff of theater?  Goddamnit, why should that be a hard pill to swallow? Don't call it new theater, Charlie; call it real theater. Call it our theater.
I can feel my butt getting sore already.
Hell no! Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored. I find it all pretty damned interesting. I'm the kind schmoe who's generally interested in the other guy's point of view.
Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn' things up. Yessir. Escape... It's when I can't write, can't escape m'self, that I want to tear m'head off and run screamin' down the street with m'balls in a fruitpickers pail. Mm...
That son of a bitch... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump. Pipes or somethin'. I'm just glad I don't have to ply MY trade in the wee-wee hours.
What do you think this is? HAMLET? GONE WITH THE WIND? RUGGLES OF RED GAP? It's a goddamn B picture! Big men in tights! You know the drill!
Bill Mayhew! Some help! The guy's a souse!
...Jesus, Barton, what the hell is this?  What're we gonna do?
...Now I think if he's interested in what one of his contract employees is doing while he draws pay, I think that employee ought to tell him, if he wants to stay an employee. Right now the contents of your head are the property of Capitol Pictures, so if I were you I would speak up. And pretty goddamn fast.
This man creates for a living! He puts food on your table and on mine! THANK him for it!  Thank him, you ungrateful sonofabitch! Thank him or YOU'RE fired!
Ah, forget it, kid. I want you to pull this out of your head. If that sonofabitch wouldn't apologize to you, goddammit, I will. I respect your artistry and your methods, and if you can't fill us in yet, well hell, we should be kissing your feet for your fine efforts.
You know this slob?
...Nitwit.
Actually it hasn't officially gone through yet. Had wardrobe whip this up. You gotta pull teeth to get anything done in this town. I can understand a little red tape in peacetime, but now it's all-out warfare against the Japs. Little yellow bastards.  They'd love to see me sit this one out.
Get me Dillinger.
Are you kidding? You guys'll he running this joint by then...Listen to me. You are not a freak. Don't you believe anybody that tells you that. It's bullshit and you don't have to grow up believing that.
They were the ones who hanged everybody.
Malcolm, sit your cute butt down and listen up.
Hi, this is Lynn Sear, Cole's mother. I wonder if we could talk about your son and his friends keeping their goddamn hands off my boy?
You ever feel prickly things on the back of your neck?
Are you wigging out?
Angie...A-Cam, what the hell’s going on? Rex --
Angie, you’re a goddamn CNN reporter, act like it!!
Hold on, D. Luis, get us closer! move your ass -I can’t.
Just deal with the damn phones -BARNES
Someone get her out of there! ON THE D-CAM MONITOR -- ENRIQUE runs across frame -- THROUGH AN INTERSECTION -- and then gone -REX There!! He’s right there!! Stop. Goddamnit! Get him to stop -Grace grabs the phone, dials quickly. They watch as D-CAM
You look American.
Well, I was the Idea Man there. So, when I say I have an interesting idea, I'm not speaking like any slob that walks in off the street.
Yeah, Retardo.
hire me. They think if you work for Stone, you must be some kind of pervert.
Get your ass back to the circus
Look, you jerk, you've got three seconds to get out of here. One, two, threeKevin runs
HOLYDISTRESSEDDAUGHTER!
And Gayman, you mostly of San Francisco?
So how'd it go? He's a bit queer, huh?
some McDonaldland
I want to do a piece on Blank.man. Nobody's heard from him in over a week. He got a bum rap._
You're Blankman!
Blankman ... well well well. who the hell are you? Kevin and Darryl
Not by the hair of my chinny-chinchin!
No, she's in love with Blankman. But me, Darryl, I'm nobody. Just a nerd. Then tell Oh, yeah, heart.
her you'reWhile Their Majesties are here.
Oh, Papa, Dickie, you're so kind. But are you sure? You'll be soaked to the skin and filthy.
What piffle you talk.
We had a few drinks and Mr Barrow thought it'd be fun to play a trick on the queers, that's all. He was only in there for five minutes.
And it feels good. Just to be two blokes, having a chat, not trying to fit in for once.
We all have to do what we must to get by. But yes, it feels good to be two ordinary blokes.
Early warning. Their Majesties are getting ready to leave.
I suppose Maud has brought that scheming little minx with her.He licks his butt everyday. He's not going to mind.
Doesn't sound much like Lionel Prichard and the Wolfington brothers. They can't take a piss without wetting the front of their pants.
Okay, this guy is trying to scare us. He's messed with our property, he's coming around the house. It's time for an ass whoopin'!
Shoot, it needs a screw driver. I have double A's in here.
Good night and God blesh.
Yeah. So get your ass out of bed!
In my time of dyin‘ Don‘t want nobody to mourn All I want for you to do Is to take my body home Well, well, well So I can die easy Well, well, well So I can die easy Jesus gonna make up
That Negro man.
This kid is gonna grow up in a better world than what we got. What we got was shit. Old and wornout and busted. Lorraine looks all around.
So, uh . . . Moustachio—
Exactly. So, what‘s it like being a Negro?
Boy, you are stoned.
You have. Reliable as hell.
Use your English, Abbie.
That’s the goddamn useless dishwasher. Dad said he wanted to throw it out the window, but Mom said Dad isn’t allowed to open windows anymore. 83
Goddamn it, Otto! Talk to me! Otto locks the door. He paces, pounds his fists into the coats that hang in the hall, then buries his face in them. 92
They pretty much own Mombasa.
Bloody cats.
How could you bring her here, Dom?
Bugger.
He's gay.
Don't call me doll, Larry.  I hate it when you call me doll.
So far, I'd say we're looking for a rich slob.
A rich, possibly fat, slob.
I'm sorry your brother is a pig!
Irregardless of the politics.  It's time we stopped dicking around. I'm telling you, nuculear is the only way out.
Do not feel bad.  He was scum.
Dad I’m sorry. I fucked up and it was a mistake but it was a one time mistake. I learned my lesson. I don’t want to go through this shit again. David looks at Nic, feels for him.
Younger David is driving with younger Nic. The intro to “Territorial Pissings” by Nirvana is playing: very wild drums, very wild guitar. Nic knows it by heart and shouts along.
Farewell, my coz.
Every man betake him to his legs!
Benvolio, who began this bloody fray?
Hang thee, young baggage! Disobedient wretch.
What, are you busy, ho?  Need you my help?Smart-ass, it's a mustache so strong a falcon could stand on it!
You are becoming a Shiekha all of a sudden?
Next. What’s sodgatehun?
Moby Dick.
I missed all a' your crazy philosophies, Scraggy.
Get your hands off him.
You're writin' this down?...
Ex...cuse...me...!
Look at 'em. It's like they've never seen a woman before.
Dig dug, do you think I would set us up for some bullshit? I’m buyin’ us a marquee score down the line. If we need to make payments to get there we make payments.
Good. Then you’ll miss me while I’m gone. Claire disappears inside to the bathroom. Doug sits back, tipping his chair, looking up at a jet trail in the sky. Someone pokes him in the back of the neck. Money, Bitch.
You got something to say, say it now.
You play the Horses? Fergie’s accent makes it sound like “husses.”
All them fliers you passed out when you were little-lookin’ for your mother. He never had the heart to tell his son he was lookin’ for a suicide doper, who wasn’t never comin’ home. Ask him next time you’re up there, if he wishes he made the smart play now. Angle on Doug: impassive, dark.
Arnold, you will not always be behind a steel door. We know where you live, we will come and find you and when we do, you will fuckin’ hate that. CLACK goes the cash room door, opening. INT. CASH ROOM - MOMENTS LATER VALHALLA --BIG BRICKS of CASH- Counting machines. Doug and Jem pull out all the cash. ARNOLD and MORTON are zip tied. Jem dumps off two heavy racks of coins, the rolls BURSTING nickels and dimes to the floor. Jem tosses cash parcels at Doug who bags them. MONEY LOADED on a DOLLY, they set to roll out. Jem and Doug look at each other, loaded up with a HUGE
Dude, the last thing I care about is balls. On Saturday, I hooked up with Shelly MacEntyre.
One, Kirk. Two, Picard. Three, Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum from Independence Day. Five, Ripley and six, are you ready for this shit? A xenomorph egg, so here’s the plan. Kirk and Picard team up to captainCOLE Why do you need both?
Now this whole time Ripley’s been bitching about the Xenomorph egg and shit, cuz that’s her move. But she knows she’s gotta do this because it’s the only way to save the world.
Are facehuggers female? Bee contemplates this too.
I don’t know man. I hope not.
Oh man, Jules Verne! I read some of this shit!
It just means high school is gonna suck ass. He quietly opens it whenHe notices THE SUV KEYS sitting on the counter. He looks back at Melanie and POCKETS THEM. She nods, approving.
You want to get laid ?
Oh, I see. "Trapped rat" syndrome with a recommendation of a "Non fuck with" therapy ! Bill laughs. Well, can I quote you on that ?
It's all one place ?... They come near a door shaped like a giant keyhole. Goddamn... A metallic gate slides behind the door to let them in. Like peeking through a keyhole... They get down a few steps and reach a lawn. You get a very limited... view of the truth....
I appreciate your concern for my dick, Hector, thank you.
That Dale is a dangerous bastard.
I told you to stay the fuck out of it... Hey ! He kisses a passing Mexican woman. ? Como esta? Gracias.
Hey, look, you gotta promise... if I tell you what I know about this shit, it stays between me and you. And you never heard it from me, okay ? They walk in the market alleyways. Anderson stops near a stall, and starts talking to a stall-holder we do not see. Two, Angelo.
Why ? Two uniformed cops are walking between the stalls. Anderson raises his voice to them. Because cops are vindictive sons of bitches. Right, Alex ? He throws a chicory to a cop, who catches it.
Yeah. Both these guys were in narcotics. And those guys usually stick together like shit on a shirt... so who knows how long it's been going on. Anyway, one day, it came out. In the station, they had this big fight in front of everybody. Anderson takes two little wrapped packages from the unseen stall- holder and gives one to Bill. Two days later, Buck's wife gets blown away.
He looks at the picture. Well, yes, of course. This is the woman that I've been talking about. This is my Bonnie. Buck tears the picture away from his hands. Goddamn it, Buck ! Don't do that ! Do not do that !
Quit it ! You're crumpling the picture up ! I want you to stop showing off ! You're a little brat !
You let old Niedelmeyer do it to him.
Well, even though I spent my time catching real bad guys, you were still a better Nite Owl than I ever was.
That's bullshit, Hollis, and you know it. They hug.
You'd think this country'd had enough goddamn fireworks. If we'd've lost this war, I think it might have driven us crazy, y'know? As a country. But we didn't. Thanks to you.
Not long enough in my book, Eddie. She eyes Laurie with cool death.
Some nice flowers. The Psychiatrist eyes him, dubious. Holds up another card. FLASH OF: Rorschach as a little boy looking up at TWO OLDER BOYS, teasing him. Calling him "son of a whore." Rorschach just wants to be left alone when one of the Boys SPITS in his face. Suddenly, Rorschach's face changes. He attacks the Boy like a wild animal--biting, clawing .
I'm on it. Nite Owl.
You say Nite Owl broke him out? Didn't he write a book or something? He lives over a garage near here.
We got nothing to write about. Everyone in the country, every country in the world is holding hands now, singing songs about peace and love--it's like we're living in a goddamn global hippie commune !Just being a dumbass.
So you become.... a baddie?
Bobby try to relax. Nothing bad’s going to happen while I’m around. And shit if this ain’t an adventure I don’t know what is. When it’s all over you’ll have one hell of a story to tell your school buddies. Just keep a smile on your face, best disguise there is.
We used to come here all the time. Shit we lived only ten klicks up the road. Zilch from the boys. Malik SIGHS. Notices Bobby’s not eating.
Malik! Where the hell you been?
And I’m just plain ol’ Shep.
Mostly drug’n’thug.
A lot of cases. And I got to look each of ‘em in the eye and see if I can find the good in them. That’s what I do, that’s my job. Now Malik has royally fucked up but... he’s a good guy.
Malik ain’t gonna hurt anyone, least of all his boys.
Damn girl, look at you.
Get off me.
It’s automatic. You can’t fuck it up. Jay quickly exits the car and dashes to the driver’s side. Malik scoots over to the passenger seat. Jay enters, clips his seatbelt and grips hold of the wheel, which he can barely see over. Malik points at the pedals.
Asshole put her on. Shepard sighs, walks to Hattie and hands her the phone. Malik?
I do my job, shit happens.
... These assholes are nothing if not predictable.
The problem is that these hooligans who have left the comfort of our society feel a need to spew hostility at the bosom they have relinquished.
Not bad for an eighty-four-year- old!  Simon Phoenix knows he has some competition.  He's finally matched his meat.  You really licked his ass!
Uh, it's 'met his match.'  And 'kicked.'  Kicked' his ass.
They're nothing but thugs and hooligans.
Ughh.
Florist?  Phoenix wouldn't know a prickly pear from a pair of pricks.
Hooligans, I know.  We might never come back.
Whatever.
Best damn burritos I ever had.
Gentlemen, let's review.  It's 2042.  That's two oh four two, as in the Twenty-First Century.  The world is a pussy-whipped Disney Channel version of itself and all we gotta do to run the whole place is kill this guy, named Raymond, who put it all together.  Then as an added bonus, you get to kill the man who put most of us in the freezer, your pal and mine, John Spartan.
You get a bump on the noggin and you're Pancho Villa.
Nah.  You can't take away people's right to be assholes.
True 'nuf.Get your Sobe.
Sobe sucks. I want Coke.
Beats chasing around after snot nosed brats all day.
No! It's you who is not listening. You're an American. Go to your fancy embassy. Go to the Police. There a million people here who will help you.
You see? We're different. You like your memories. very American of you. He nods. She shrugs, turns away.
.his finger flips a small switch. The timer... STOPS. Martin B sighs, breathes hard. Holy shit that was close.
Rirht here. Rela be over aoon.
Some big drug deal r just escaped.
The three tier• of razor sharp t th in the rapinr jaw• of a rreat white ahark. The blunt, u ly head of the ahark ainka back below the 1urface.
atopa auddenly, turna.
If they ■ tart ■ hootin
Our biffeat problem with all the money.
And whet buainesa ia that? BOND
Senor Bond, You have bir cojone1. You come here, to my place, without referencea. Carryin1 a piece. Throwin1 a tot of money around. But you know ■ omething, nobody ■ aw you come in. So nobody haa to see you 10 out. BOND
do, emicos, is eke you part of it.
Sr, Sanchez, aine eominr here, we've eaten well, eard a lot of 100d atoriea, but efore payinf enythinr, I want o aee aome hardware.
We both bad cloae calla laat ni1ht.
You!
You're a dufus.
Shut up, Price.
Lucky bastard.
Lucky Jew bastard.
Van Patten, even you could get laid in a place like this.
I'm telling you, I'd be happy to find a girl who'd talk dirty to me.
Our waitress, a total hardbody, flirts with me every time she passes by our table.  The thought of fucking her crosses my mind and though I conclude the odds are in my favor, it's... just... not... worth it.
Get a goddamned job, Al.  You've got a negative attitude.  That's what's stopping you.  You've got to get your act together.  I'll help you.
He means Leatherface.  Leatherface. He was part of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Featherhead?  How in the hell did you get Featherhead from Leatherface?
Being mistaken for Marcus doesn't really me bother all that much except for when I accidentally get sent his junk mail and I have to spend hours tracking him down.  That gets to be a real fucking nuisance.
Sea urchins.  Meredith loves the sea urchins there.
She's talking to Cecelia over there.
The sea urchins at Le Bernardin, darling.
Fuck company regulations.
Not Donald Trump again.  This obsession of yours has got to end! That's why you were acting like such an ass.
It was the Waldorf Salad, Evelyn.  It was the Waldorf Salad that was making me act like an ass!
You know, Bob, as much as I'd love to stand here all day talking about how great I am, if you don't get moving I'm gonna have to haul your sorry ass off to jail.
Oh, yeah, it takes a lot of skill to fence bulldozers. That's goddamn genius time.
Shit, Jim. I don't do crossword puzzles.
Jerk.
Jack-ass.
You really are a cranky old fart, you know that?
You got thirty seconds to get the hell away!
Nice driving, buttwipe!
No one likes this particular turn of events, Kenny, but we have a choice -- we can can either deal with it or we can walk away. There's a lot of money out there, so I choose to deal with it. If you want to go, that's fine -- start swimming. You want to stay, that's fine, too -- just stop your damn whining.
Look, I've spent the last eight months of my life restoring that church, and I just left it to come save your ass, so spare me, okay?
Jesus, Doreen, you caught a whole gang.
You give away our only boat in the middle of a flood. You are a genius, Henry. A goddamn genius.
Hey, I was the one who got the dumb son-of-a-bitch to come out.
For twenty years I've been eating shit, breakfast, lunch and dinner. Well, tonight I'm changing the menu! From now on everything I eat is gonna be shit-free!
Wayne! Goddamnit, we've gotta get them outta there! Wayne!
That won't do. Man's gotta see what he's doing. 'Scuse me.
Like shut up.
A bit gay don’t you think? Jared looks at Christopher.
Now, Jesus was a tough dude. Don’t get me started on that. He looks up at Cameron. Tries to make eye contact.
Yo. I got you pal.
Smile, pud.
Bite me, Dom.
He was totally sexing on you.
Look, this table is V.I.P.     You're a NIP.
Yeah, Samantha's a total slu...
Gloves are for sissies.
When you're young everything seems like the end of the world. But it's not. It's just the beginning. And you might have to meet a few more jerks, but one day you'll meet a boy who treats you the way you deserve to be treated...like the sun rises and sets with you.
You've gotta little bit of your old man in you, O'Donnell.
Tell your girlfriend she better keep a close eye on you.
Party at my house 2nite.   7.    Get the word out.
That's bull shit! You, Maggie and Alex are the best thing that ever happened to me...him. He was just too selfish to recognize it. At least, that's how I see it.
Who's the ho?
Pervert!
Bailiff! Get these 2 out of my courtroom.
Get off your butt, O'Donnell!    Get in there!He wants to win them over, one damn boer at a time.
No. Because, for them, the Springboks still represent apartheid.
... on Robben Island, in Pollsmoor Prison, my jailers were all Afrikaners.
Our enemy is no longer the Afrikaner. They are our fellow South Africans, our partners in democracy.
Ag, come on Francois. It's like talking to a bloody brick wall. What did he want?
Shit, what's Pienaar been eating?
Nobody gives us a bloody chance. I like that. It plays into their one weakness.
I just want to show the bloody world how hard we tackle.
Bugger off!You’ll get the hang of it. As for these chaps here, they’ll improve somewhat once they wake up.
When I was listening to you just now. I was wondering how a chap like you, what you’d do. If you only had six months left.
Look, old chap. Enough of that. You have to be more careful.
Came through the war, so much still to rebuild, so many dreams. Sometimes it can get too much. Too much to place on the shoulders of ordinary decent chaps like those up in that office.
Just like the army. Doin’ more before nine a.m. than most folks do all goddam day. Toby looks straight ahead. They ride in silence for a moment.
See, little brother? We ain’t got a worry in the world. Tanner takes a long pull from his cigarette, and looks out over the black top.
You lying bastard. I saw you. You liked it ... looked like you were sproutin’ a little wood fer that teller in Olney too. That’s the problem with these baggy jeans -can’t hide a hard hog against yer leg. Remind me to wear my wranglers if we start robbin’ high schools. Toby looks up.
Better get this out of here before your boys move in.
Black? White?
I gotta shit like an old goat. Grab the check and meet me out front. And Tanner’s off. Toby swirls his almost empty tea, watching the few remaining ice cubes travel around the bottom of the cup.
I don’t think these boys is reckless. Damn sure ain’t tweakers. They know exactly what they’re doing.
Why in the shit would we do that?? This kicked up along the highway. Wind keeps turning, goddam if it ain’t been chasing us for miles. Whichever way we go, this damn fire follows. The cowboy is on his horse and riding up toward Marcus’s window.
This is the craziest thing I ever seen.
You know, I’m half Mexican too.
We’ll take this too. You Comanche? I am.
Sorry. I sold my car and this is how the fella paid me.
Know what Comanche means? It means ‘enemies forever’.
I’ll manage. Remember, this guy ain’t the enemy.
I been working here forty-four years. Only thing anyone’s ever ordered is the T-Bone steak and a baked potato. ‘Cept some asshole from New York who tried to order trout in 1987. We don’t sell no goddam trout. Don’t have nuthin but T-bones. So, you either don’t want the corn on the cob, or you don’t want the green beans, so what don’t you want?
How come you ain’t at school?
I’ll never understand how those gang bangers can walk around with their pants like this, dangling off their asses. No wonder they always get caught when they run from the police. Toby slides him a cup of coffee. Tanner sits. They drink their coffee in silence.
The whole town come out for the show. What do you think of that ... CUT TO: INT. CHEVY BLAZER -- DAY. Toby drives as police cruiser after cruiser whips by in the opposite direction. Toby comes around a bend in the road and sees: FOUR SHERIFF’S DEPUTY VEHICLES blocking the road. Shit.
They ain’t the executor, but they hold the money. Oh, it’s one rotten fish, but damned if I can figure it. And you can bet your ass First Texas ain’t pressing it over forty thousand dollars. Lord knows what they stand to make. The Ranger sees the wheels turning in Marcus’s head.
up this place somethin’ fierce.You don't need that pompous ass Willoughby to validate you. It would take him three lifetimes to learn what you already know. He smiles, looks at her, clearly enchanted.
Where the hell were you?
Let's move before Humpty Dumpty puts himself together again.
You don't know "Jungle Love"? That shit is the mad notes. Written by God Herself and handed down to the world's greatest band--the motherfucking Time.
Well if we were gay, that's how I'd see it.
What?  I got a wiping problem. I stick these little pieces of paper over my brown-eye, and bam--no shit stains in my undies.
Pull up your pants up sir, Now!
It ain't me and Quiet Robert. It's a pair of stupid-ass superheroes that run around saying "Snitchy-Nitchies" or something.
Shit yeah. We gotsa get paid.
Because I'm almost thirty, for God's sake--why on earth would I want to keep writing about characters whose central preoccupations are weed and dick and fart jokes? You gotta grow, man. Don't you ever want more for yourself?
The Internet is a communication device that allows people the world over to bitch about movies and share pornography with one another.
You mean the fucking movie with Mork from Ork in it?
Ah, let it go. Number one, they're a bunch of jealous little dicks who use the anonymity of the Net to insult people who're doing what they wish they were doing, and number two, they're not really talking about you guys--they talking about Bluntman and Chronic.
First off, I don't know how good your names really are. Secondly, there's not much you can do about stopping this bile. The Internet's given everyone in America a voice, and everyone in American has chosen to use that voice to bitch about movies. As long as there's a Bluntman and Chronic movie, the Net-nerds are gonna have something negative to say about it.  Jay steams, thinking. Then, a light dawns on him.
Yeah, but we ain't gay.
Well, neither am I. But have you seen the price of bus tickets lately? Shit--I don't wanna cough up two hundred bucks just to get to Chicago.
Don't be so suburban--this is the new millennium. Gay, straight--it's all the same now. There're no more lines.
Shit--you nuns are alright.
Dude--she had seventies bush.
The only mystery here is why we take our cues from a dick in a neckerchief!
Oh, what--this? I just wear this for protection. You know--so no guys try to grab my shit.
Oh my god--he just called Sissy "Juggs"!
Honest Injun.
Of course they don't! Only skeevy stoners fart.
Well, we couldn't hang in front of the Quick Stop no more, 'cause of the strainen-en order, which sucks ass 'cause it's been like our home since we were kids. Silent Bob even busted his cherry there.
What the fuck are you talking about? Sure I do. I'd do anything for you.
I mean, youse guys! I'd do anything for youse guys. For the lift and shit.
And speaking of licking balls--how 'bout that Justice chick? She is too fine.  And she smells so fucking pretty. She's got a nice voice, too. And that body?  Smoking. You know, she never once said "fuck off," when I was talking to her, or pulled out the pepper spray, or nothing. I tell ya, Lunchbox--she could be the one.
That's because very few names rhyme with "douchebag."
What the fuck do you think it means? It means "I'm kidding."
Jay, before you go, could you say something into the camera about the clitoris.
You are so gay.
Justice! Move your ass!
What? "Ass" means "donkey."
Excuse me--who the hell are you?
Then all it'll take is one little monkey in a spiffy suit to whip the dumber chimps into a frenzy, until they go all ape-shit and start demanding more bananas, better pay, and human flesh!
And only those who outwit those damn dirty apes'll ever remember that it was MAN who once ruled the earth!
Besides--we're in the fucking clear, yo. It's not like anyone knows we stole the monkey.
I AM THE CLIT COMMANDER!!!
Nights like this, I miss dating a lesbian.
Oh God, this is the last thing I need--a bunch of uppity homosexuals shooting their mouth off in the liberal press that the Federal Wildlife Marshal's Office persecutes gays.
I'd like to offer a big gay thank- you, sir. We'll tell all our gay friends that Utah is Gay friendly country for gays who are gay.
Your office just faxed this over. Guy there say it's a post from an Internet chat board, signed by a "Jay and Silent Bob." Your man thinks it's a lead as to where those fellas are taking the ape.
As nasty as you wanna be, poppie.
Alright--first, I'll want to tongue your bung while you juggle my balls in one hand and play with my asshole with the other. But don't stick you finger in.  Then. I'll wanna pinky you and put it in your friend's brown, while Silent Bob spanks into a Dixie cup. After that, I'll wanna smell your titties, for a while, and you can pull my nutsack up over my dick, so it looks like a Bullfrog. Then I want you to flick at my nuts while your friend spanks me into the same Dixie cup Silent Bob jizzed in. Then we throw the Dixie cup out.
Man, chicks in Hollywood are so stuck up.
Alright, here's the plan: first, we find out where they're shooting that movie at. After we shut that shit down, we can start looking for the monkey. But before we do any of that shit, we gotta find a motherfucker in the know. Someone who's like, the mayor of Hollywood.
I don't know that the fuck you just said, little kid. But you touched a brother's heart, so I'm gonna help you out with some directions to the studio.
Fuck, yes. Miramax accounts for seventy-eight percent of my business.
Contrary to what you believe, not everyone in the movie business is gay.
No way, man. It's just me and you talking here.
Apple sauce, bitch.
Holy shit--that looked like it hurt.
Yo, I think that shit just kicked in.
Holy shit? You're the Dawson!
These are the guys who are playing us, yo. We take them out, and bickety- bam! No movie.
NO! I mean, we kicked those guys' asses bad. They're--knocked out.
A gay hood ornament, and the color Purple.
Wait a sec--I thought Holden and Banky created this shit.
And I'm stealing it. I'm taking it back for all the shit you people have stolen from us! Did you know, I came up with the idea for Sesame Street before PBS? I was going to call it N.W.P.--Niggaz with Puppets.
So? Neither did I. Shit, neither did the studio.
Look man, it's not hard. In this scene, the bad guy breaks into the Bluntcave.  You make up some shit, fight him for a while, I film it, I yell "cut," and then head back to my trailer, where I got more white women waiting for me there than the first lifeboat off the Titanic!
Uh--Snootchie Bootchies.
Why do they call you "Cock-Knocker"?
Call me Darth Balls. Bunngg.
Holy shit, I am wearing pansy red booties!
I can't do that, Sissy
Even if there's no movie, people are still free to talk shit about you on the Internet. That's what the Internet's for: slandering others anonymously.  Stopping the flick isn't going to stop that!
Well this isn't fair!  We went to Hollywood, I fell in love, we stole a monkey, we got shot at, and got punched in the motherfucking nuts! We ain't leaving empty-handed!
The Tyrell Corporation has a demo model.  Check it out on the Voight-Kampff.  There's a chance the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability to detect.  If that's the case, everybody's up shit creek.
But so far they'd always managed to keep it quiet.  Not to say that once in a while there wasn't bad publicity.  Some fanatic bitching about equal rights for andies or an occasional trade union proclaiming it was aun-American for automatons to take jobs away from humans on the colony.
Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either way, but the answer is still no.
Just because it's a Nexus 6 doesn't change procedure.  A little known fact can become a well-known fact and part of our job, Deckard, is to make sure that doesn't happen. Now how can be do that if you blow one away in front of a fuckin' audience.
Those cockroaches?
You never saw a cockroach make love?
I gotta piss.
I think I'll piss outside.
From what I hear you're doing great.  Bryant tells me you're going like a god damn one-man army.  Making a lot of money, huh?
I'm taking a piss.
That's what I thought... one of the liabilities of the trade -- you has sex with your prey, old buddy.  That's bound to create problems, unless you're a black widow.
Very good, Pris.  Now show him why.
If we don't find help soon, Pris hasn't got long to live.
Pris?
Your dad would pay-KIM No. “Think of all the money we’d save on bullshit,” he’d say. He calls me his glitter baby, and he’s not being nice when he says it.
Lost girls. Damn right we are.
You seemed like such a hardcase yesterday.
Yeah. She was this sad cow. Used to ask me questions and pinch me if I got the answer wrong, in places it would be hard to see. What’s the capital of Idaho, shit like that. What five-year-old knows the capital of Idaho.
Shit, man. Is she all right?
What’s there to do for fun around here beside this dumb-ass carnival? After my friend leaves, I mean. The Booth Man hands him his last ball and says, eyes on Lee.
Oh no. It’s not my way to interrupt. You were with a friend. --And where’d he go anyway? He took off outta here fast, wiping tears away. He your boyfriend now? Or just a hobo you been hanging around with?
So you’re not gettin’ in.
God, he’s an asshole. Why is he like this?! I tell him no one even remembers all that stuff with the cops anymore. That was four years ago. And he’s been out of town for three and half of them. It’s not fair.
Yeah, north is bullshit.
So? He's the Nationalist Party's resident intellectual. The man is one of the architects of this damned system of -- what are they calling it? -- apartheid? He has about as much use for a Rooinek Englishman rutting after his daughter as the Queen does for balls, pardon my French.
The champeen's manager.
To them you are. You are the one who brings the smoke, the one who writes the letters, the one who puts clothes on their children when they are cold. You are Onoshobishobi Ingelosi.
He'll never let black be with white here, Doc.
You see, Professor, they are not like us. A white man would scream bloody murder.
Let's get inside before the whole bloody world sees us.
You need a headstart?
You're out of here.
You're violating the sanctity of the church.
You got your head screwed on right. Don't let these meshuganahs screw it on wrong. Now go on. You want to find me, look at Benny Rosen's gym in East End, London.
P.K., goddammit!
On being the best damned blaster ever taught by Ian Thomas. Cheers.
No one drills Botha's stope but Botha, and he only works days.
Well, look at ya now, boyo. Up and at 'em in no time. And rich as a fuckin' lord.
Not according to managment. They cashed you out at twelve months for eleven worked. Last thirty days was bonus. And until someone shows me a calendar reads different, twelve months and a year are one and the same kind of thing. And the bet was for a year. So get yourself mended and get your ass out of here.
You may not be declared here by Her Majesty, but I am still the head of this goddamn station, and you’ll respect me.
I know they are. This list is about covering the Queen’s ass not the officers that serve the Crown.
You’ve been following me since I arrived at Tempelhof -- outside the city morgue and my colleague’s apartment.
And your Bahasa is shit. Perceval watches her go, then lifts his coat collar to the cold and moves out alone into the night. EXT. WEST BERLIN - DAY
Who the hell is this? My family.
Two Russian nationals were also killed.
There was a lovely Italian girl who once told me, “David, you can’t unfuck what has been fucked.” Perceval smiles and leans in, serious and measured.
Wait a damn minute.
C is an arrogant lapdog and doesn’t know fuck all about the world past the edge of his desk! FLASHCUT TO: INT. CENTURY HOUSE - ISO FAC - DAY Broughton stares at the mirror of the wall and then at the two veterans of the Cold War. She calmly leans over and CLICKS off the Narga SN and the mirco reels fall silent.Ken, come on, they're the English police. When they say they haven't got a single lead, they haven't got a single lead. This is my vote of what we should do. We give it another day, two days max, then we check the papers again and if there's still nothing in 'em we phone him and say "Harry, thank you for the trip to Bruges, it's been very nice, all the old buildings and that, but we're coming back to London now and hide out in a proper country where it isn't all just fucking chocolates". KEN
Fuck off are we! This the best bit of Bruges so far! You and your buildings.
Jesus, I'm not sure if I fucking needed that right now. The bloke who painted that, he must be bonkers. KEN
Americans
OVERWBIGH'l' MAN
closes it
Oh stop whinging baby.
a big gay eyes.
Careful of that crap.
If you have to.  But don't let those new assholes see you.  Go the far side of those trees.
Hi-ho, pardner.  What kinda shit did we get ourselves into here?
Just hit the damn tank.
That violate your family values, Rog?
Outta Hong Kong.
Got a mole you want removed?
Didn't. Gotta work it off. Snakeheads, the smugglers, they sell 'em as cheap labor. Sell 'em? Like slaves.
Right. Butters. Always kisses my ass. Gets me coffee 'n shit.
You bought this smut?
No wonder he's been sucking up to Rog.
This is serious. Don't screw around.
No. Right. No screwing around. I mean, Rog is my best friend. It'd be wrong to mess with him.
Pain in the ass.
Oh. So you don't know what 'scumbag' means. Or 'eat shit' ... nice ponytail. Riggs reaches to flip Ku's "queue" with his fingers. Instantly, Ku grabs his wrist. Rigss is impressed.
That guy's from the ship. Seeing Riggs' gun, the second man takes off on the heels of the Captain. Riggs is out the door right after them. Butters right behind him. Murtaugh last, calling -MURTAUGH No damage, Riggs! Remember the insurance!... Shit! B54
... Jesus... What happened, Rog?
I'm too old for this shit... How about that? 71
What if Benny shoots him? Riggs just looks at him.
Right side in the air. Lorna looks out. The chopper dips into her line of sight. Riggs waves from the helo. Dick. Love you, too.
They took the Hongs. And look who's on the stairs, Uncle Benny's friend. Riggs moves around to see Ku.
Go find 'em, Rog.
I don't know the Hongs.
... Nut cup. That's a funny son-in-law you got, Rog. Beat.
What are you
Anything happens to the Hongs, we'll be after you, Benny.
Not forefathers. Four fathers. The number four. Top guys in one of the old Hong Kong Triads. Reds jailed 'em when they took over Hong Kong. We're hearing they were just moved outta prison.
What do you want? Riggs hands over the faceless renminbi.
Guy's just too damn good.
Oh, shit, the baby.
Wait, you gotta break a glass. He looks around, sees an old gent in patient's garb walking by with a glass specimen jar. Leo grabs it. I need this.
I coulda put out my goddamn eye. He hands the camera to a passing HOSPITAL EMPLOYEE. Here.We got chicken tonight. Strangest damn things. They're man-made. Little damn thing. Smaller than my fist. But
I seen this neighborhood change from pastures to the hellhole it is now! I put every damn pipe into this neighborhood!Of course. Eilis will get that for you now. Eilis is about to serve a shabbier woman standing right in front of the counter. Eilis looks at her helplessly.
Have they told you a date for the nylon sale yet, Eilis? We’ve never had a Bartocci’s girl living here.
Oh, you’re not serving lunch to the old fellas who’ve got nowhere to go, are you? He asks us every year, and we always say no.
You’re a saint, Eilis. They smell awful.
People? Or fellas?
Some of the people will be fellas.
Have you had an American fella? Are they different? Eilis ignores her.
I’m gonna talk to Miss Fortini about this. She marches off. Eilis peers into the box. It contains Red Fox stockings. She takes a packet out and examines it. Later. Miss Fortini comes over to speak to Eilis. She’s angry.
And the whole of her golf club came. Every single one of them. We had a real houseful afterwards. Eilis doesn’t say anything.
Eilis rolls her eyes at Nancy.
Mrs O’Toole from Cush.
It’s not as if I have anything else to do. Nor anybody else to talk to. It might as well be Mrs O’Toole from Cush.
We could try the Connaught Hotel bar. There may be a few of the fellas from the rugby club there. Eilis looks at Nancy, wanting her to say something; Nancy doesn’t even know there’s something to say.
Do you have to be with other fellas from the rugby club all the time? Jim turns around again. He’s amused.
Do you not like the fellas from the rugby club, Eilis? He tries to catch Jim’s eye, but Jim doesn’t want to get involved in this.
No, no, leave it. Straight away, the young fella said.
He came along at just the right time for us. Eilis says nothing.
out. MOTHERcomes in.
Come along! Come along! Put a jerk into it or you'll be out on your bleedin' ears every one of you. And listen to this! The first girl as finds that Ticket gets a one pound note as bonus in •er pay packet!
No, no, Igor, I wasn't talking you.
Sizzler, a Wonka Scrumdidilyumptious?
in the street and bought a Wonka Bar and the ticket was in it,
I'VE GOTA GOLDENSUN UP IN MYSKY!
Don't be a damn fool, man! That's the way we came in!
You dreadful man!
ANDALL OF US HEREARE COCK-A-HOOP,
Stop them, Wonkal Get it away!
scrumdidilyumptious!
Jumping jackasses! Look up there!
white.
I said that if I was playing Sherlock Holmes...I'd maybe look for a... Japanese person.  With a bloody gun- butt.  A right-handed fella, to be precise.
They fished t'gether.  Went to school. Carl Junior treated him like a white person.  Like any friend.
They work hard, live clean, don't spend nothin'.  Even kind to the Indjuns.  People is people, comes down to it.
If you want t'buy them seven acres.  Carl Heine's the only fella can sell 'em.
Nice.  When two fellas understand each other.
Nice.  When two fellas.  Understand each other.
No, but as I say, the type is rare. Ten percent of Caucasian males.
Never.  Only boarded some fella's boat five, six times in thirty-one years. Dead engine, broken hip, only in need.
Hell, I'm sorry, okay?  About the whole damn mess.  If I'd a been around, my mother wouldn't a pulled it off that way.
I was out there at sea.  Fightin' you Jap sons-a-bitches.
$1200 an acre, that's what I paid Ole, won't take a dime less.  You got no choice on that.
Your daddy.  Was quite a feller.Leave her alone, Woman. I was keeping her place.
That lovely dingus there is an Alabama Howdy-do... Strickland goes to the urinal and proceeds to piss- his handsclenched in a fist, rest on both his hips.
Ta-da! You like it? It’s not bad, is it? For being shit? Now, eat, go to bed. Rest- I get paid- we get pie! OK, not pie. I get pie. You get whatever you want. My treat. Wish me luck. He heads out. Elisa watches intently as Alice Faye croons 32
Mind your own, Duane. Leave her alone.
Reality, is, Sir- We don’t know jackshit about this thingGENERAL HOYT Soviets want it- We know that much. Those cockeyed bastards- They send a dog up into space- We get a laugh. But next thing we know- they send a human up -- a Ruskie, orbiting our planet, doing God knows what? And then who’s laughing? Krushchev. That’s who- We let him put a dog in space, he laughs, puts a commie in space, he laughs, puts missiles in Cuba. Have we learned nothing?
A man has the decency not to fuck up- that’s one thing. That is real decent of him. The other kind of decency-? It doesn’t really matter. We sell it- Sure- But it’s an export. And we sell it ‘cause we don’t use it.
You never shut up.
My back is acting up, woman. Opens it.
Othello you bastard!
She do anal, two thousand, one hour.
I saw you on TV. Holy shit, man. Tough deal, but you walked away or it looks like you limped away.
This is how they get the Stones out of Madison Square Garden, man. 4 smoked black limos fly outta the VIP driveway and the fans jump on the limos...mayhem. Those limos? Empty. Meanwhile, Mick and the boys go out the service exit into delivery vans -- casual, rock star type shit.
You can't drink here, Whip. You can't drink in my house. Can you do that?
Amazing grace...how sweet the sound...that saved a wretch like me-
I do know where Professor Stevens hides his keys to that shitty ass El Camino. BRIT and CANDY look at each other and smile. COTT,Y gets a devious look on her face and smiles back at them. She keeps smacking her chewing gum. 29
Just pretend it's a fuckin' video game. Act like your in a movie or somethin' ..
Looks like spring fuckin' break, ya'll. They all look at each other and start to giggle.
He used to be a friend. Now he's an enemy. They call him Big Arch. Them dudes is straight off the block, no joke, murderers, killers, base heads, motherfuckin' nightmares walkin'. The car turns a corner and disappears.
Drop your pants.
Drop your pants.
You know what? I got work to do. Yup! I gotta go into town and sell my Thneed! The Once-ler holds up the Thneed.
Hey, where’s your Thneed? sell it?
Everybody needs a Thneed!
I don’t care who you are you little crazy baby man! Get out of my house! Now! This is outrageous! O’Hare stares back at Ted’s Mom. he lets go of Ted.
Oh,  horrors!  Look,  Rupert,  what  do you  think  they  pay  me  in  that  dump? Ninety-­five  bucks.  And  you  don't  get the  world's  greatest  tippers  in  there either.  Somebody  has  to  take  care  of me.
But  I  figured  it  this  way:  better  to be  King  for  a  Night  than  Schmuck  for
She  doesn't  know  nuthin'.          minds  ...Slogan, song, the whole campaign. All me. And I fucking closed it. They bought it in the room. In the ROOM! His enthusiasm is infectious. energy.
I’ll need money when I get out. Should I rob or steal? No I’m just going to find that motherfucker. Gus looks to the slide show: Sly Stallone from “Rocky”. Then a Jamaican waterfall. Then a scorpion killing a frog.
Fuck you!!! With a delicate touch we’ve never seen from Gus, he holds her face into his hands. He wipes the smeared mascara running from her eyes.
My sister was not a slut.
Those Nazis are moving awfully fast.
Bugger off!
I have to smuggle it in. This lad Steve, he's a right fascist.
Are you accusing my brother of being a mean bastard?
Young people, young people. Everything's for young people! These bars, you know, they're full of young people shouting about nothing.
I seem to remember you got banned from a number of pubs in Hull for shouting about nothing. When you were a young person.
“Ken: we like you. You're a good bloke, you're good on the darts. But if you talk about politics again, you're barred.”
You're your own woman.
For straight men, who’ve tried being gay, but want to be rehabilitated into being straight.
Nice. You didn't get your arse in gear then, Ronnie?
Ah, sod him. He'll bugger off soon enough.
Bullshit! No way. Deaf girls are hot. Lies. Can you hear me now?
You want me to be a man and take a stand? Here it is: I’m going to Charlotte with Tucker and I don’t give a fuck what you or the Wicked Witch of West Texas think about it! Tucker walks in without knocking.
It hits them. The syrup nugget. The motherfucking syrup nugget!! It announces itself with a burst of confectionery grandiosity the likes of which your palate has never seen. 32
That’s funny, normally the designated cock-blocker is the fat one. The bartender sets up the shots for everyone.
I think a toast is in order for my buddy Jeff, who is also getting married, and to the bride to be and all her beautiful friends. Even the bitchy prude. He raises his glass.
Remember what we talked about in your apartment? Instead of being a cockblocking curmudgeon, stop and ask yourself What Would Tucker Do?, and then do that instead.
Ugh. I think your friend is hotter anyway.
I wish I were young again, and full of piss and vinegar like you guys.
Oh, I’m the cockblocker!
Ugh, that is so misogynist.
She may be a vacuous slut with no taste, but at least she’s not a stripper.
No funnier than you catching your girlfriend blowing Grillionaire.
I call bullshit. Who was your favorite guy to fight?
My shift just ended. We can play at my house. I have everything but your candy ass little controller.
Jack is a great kid. Damnit.
Fine, but your ex is only representative of herself, not her whole gender. Her actions don’t mean that I am a whore, simply because we’re both women.
Is that what Doc told you, Grumpy? Jerk!
I’ll tell you one thing. No good Baptist would be caught dead drinking to excess or gettin’ arrested for causin’ a ruckus. It’s unseemly.
Dude, I just tried to take a shit. Nothing would come out. That never happens to me. I feel like Elvis just before his heart exploded.
FRIEND OF CHUBBY
Hey man, back off. She’s with me.
What you doing here Puritan? Only thing round here is fighting.
This drunkard has had enough; take him to his bed lads. CUT TO:4IVG]WUYMRXWEXXLIXI\X8LI[SVHW1364,MRXSSHHWLETIW
&EWXEVHW#1SRKVIPW#1YXXW#
(VI[XYVRW[EPOWFEGOXS4IVG]KIXXMRKMRLMWJEGI
RS[LIVIMWWEJIJSVQI#
LIV+EFIXEOIWXLIFIIVWPSSOWEXLMWJVMIRHW
4IVG]PSSOWEX'LMVSRKMZIWEWQEPPGSRJMHIRXRSH
LIVFEGO
HVIWWIHEPPMRFPEGOMWWXERHMRKXLIVI
SYXXLI[MRHS[[EXGLMRKXLIPERHWGETITEWWFIJSVILMWI]IW
QSYXLLSTMRKJSVSRIQSVIHVST7LIXSWWIWMXE[E]
whatever,
not gay
Oh yeah? Huh. Then why don't that stick out yer ass.
that guy like?
Oh c'mon man. Alright. the good shit later.
take your pants
Nothin He steps
--No. Man, you think
you gonna
You wanna
Honey, lots of people have bad lives choose to move towards the light. Otherwise we'd all be hookers and druggies 'cause we got yelled at or mean mom.' You know?
whatever,
I juss
stands behind him, CU Lee.
know Lee.
Is that anyway to talk to an old school chum?
L.T., in this office I'd prefer you say Italian-Americans.
Goddammit, Rachel, you assured me--
Drive the damn car!
Resources, that's a good point. He's got resources. All we've got is a six-hundred billion dollar organization! Now goddammit, Hicks, you find 'em. You find 'em and you end it now!
Nasty fella. A TX-703. Remote on- off, three-thousand foot range. Shit, you could listen from a shopping mall across the street.
He's carrying the damn flag.
I get a blowjob again.
Get your hands off me.
Lennon said `I'm an artist. You give me a fuckin' tuba and I'll get you something out of it'.
I've been put in charge of this unit. It is a small surveillance sub-unit but it is mine. And I didn't take this job in order to fuck it up, or to let anyone else fuck it up, whosoever they may be. I hand picked this group. You are my A-team so I want you to conduct yourselves accordingly.
"Progress" is hard to define. I make progress every day. In fact, I'm making progress now. There are guys in this department make excellent progress for twenty years without ever getting anything you could definitively call a result. It's like any American industry. Nobody minds if you don't succeed as long as you don't fuck up.
Cui gives a shit. It's got a bow on it.
Keep your ears opened.   No bullshit.
Because you're bored and tired and don't give a shit. It's not supernatural.
Not to my guy.
Tops, Mr. Costello. I want to tell you that at least two of these gents have machine guns.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
But Colin, I hope I won't have to remind you, that if you don't find that cheese eating rat bastard in your department so we can give him a halo, most likely it won't be me who pays for it.
Everybody shut up.
Are you sure it's me or all that talk about whiffin' and crawlin' up asses?
Yes. And what he's about to do. Call off the tail, and get Special Ops. Get them on standby. We meet him where he's going. Suit up. We're gonna take this prick tonight.
I never gave up anybody who wasn't goin' down anyway.
Costello recorded everything. He put all the tapes in a little box and kept them with his lawyer. That was his insurance. His lawyer came to me. Costello trusted me the most. Imagine that you rat fuck. Sound quality good enough? I was a little worried.
Shit...That's why I wear a fifty dollar hat.  Was a two hundred dollar hat, I hadda kill you.
See 'em?  They about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast. Broke my windshield...
Cheer up, Lizardo, it's Friday.  I come for your TV.  You been using too damn much juice...ten thousand kilowatts again this month.  Beats me how one old homicidal loony could use that much power.
Somewhere.  See I was taken away by the Priddies when I was a baby.  I was adopted.
Nigh on ten years.  Been through a lotta scrapes together.
"Space monsters"...my ass.
I'm sure the boys like you.  They just don't wanna get attached...and then see what happened to Buckaroo's last sweetheart happen to you.
This is queer...look...
Looks like none of these guys ever lived anywhere else.  No places of birth.  And all of them with the same first name: John.
You don't wanna know.
She was murdered by Hanoi Shan on our wedding night.
Who the hell's Penny Priddy?
Asshole probably got lost.
Well let me tell you something, Mr. Perfect Tommy: I don't need this shit.  I could be on Easy Street with a cushy job in the private sector.  But instead,  I got me a nine-hundred-million-dollar way-the- hell-behind-schedule top-secret bomber being built down there by Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and I don't intend to set twiddling thumbs in a bus while Buckaroo Banzai goes crashing around my airplane looking for his damn girlfriend, driving a car that itself is probably worth more to this country than all the tea in China!  I'm talking National Security risk and we are going in there like gentlemen and straighten this thing out before somebody gets hurt!  You got that?
Hit it, soldier boy!  Move this buggy!  That's a goddamn executive order!
You fellas got a phone?  Ring ahead and get me John Bigboote.  Tell him...
Now you get this straight...you're up to your ass in alligators, and I'm here to drain the swamp.  So I'm gonna use this phone...because it is all over for you, Baby Blue...
What the hell's is going on here, Bigboote? Where's my bomber?
Your private life's your own concern, pal.  Where the hell is my bomber?  Look at this place...where's your pride?  It's like a pigsty down here!
Damn John Whorfin--!
Fertilizer? Ricky Coogan does not do ads for hi-tech cow shit. I'm a star, got it, Hertz?
Rico, give these misguided clowns Tony Danza's phone number, and let's get the hell out of here.
The environmentalists are crackpots, all of them.
Coog, those hippies'll tear us apart.
Hey Josh, a busload of us are headed over to Maracas to protest Noxon 24 and pelt Ricky Coogan with cow shit.
But one thing's for sure. That Coogan guy sure is an asshole, huh?
Lighten up, Coog, could be a goof.
What the hell, Coog, these people are weird, but they seem nice enough.
Toad, fire up that machine, and let's turn these hapless asswipes into monstrosities!
Over here, Coog.
Chill out, Coog. You're talking to the original tag team of ugly pukes. Step into the light.
Sockhead!
Okay Coog, so I get twenty four hour access to T `n' A, and you look like a plate of rancid giblets. We're still pals, right?
Sounds to me like you've developed a telepathic bond. Don't mean yer nuts or nuthin'. Heck, old Nosey, why he can smell the future. Lots of us freaks got E.S.P. And Sockhead, he's got E.S.P.N.
Damn.
You gotta admit, Coog, it's a helluva trick.
Damn.
Damn! This guy doesn't trust anybody!
And when you ripped off that guy's head, I knew it was working like gangbusters!
Look Skuggs--Elijah--I've been in show business all my life. The public does not want to see disgusting, depraved violent filth. 57.
Ah, shit.
Cut the crap, Hertz.
I make freaks alright, but come on, fellas--this thing's pathetic. 82.
We'll kick Disney's dead ass!
On one hand, I'll remember you as the best friend a jerk like me ever had, and a low down repulsive slimeball.
Atta' boy Coog!
Come on, Coogan! Come oooon! You haven't got the guts to kill me! Go on! I dare ya'!
Oh, you mean Penny. Seeing? Well. Nice flatland chick out in search of hippie love thrills, basically.
I wouldn’t recommend your usual approach, he goes around with a dozen bikers, mostly Aryan Brotherhood alumni -- all court certified bad-asses.
Black Guerrilla Family.
My old street gang. Artesia Crips. When I got out of Chino I went looking for some of them and found it ain't just them gone, but the whole turf itself.
Does he eat pussy?
I can almost pity your civilian distress. Though if you were more of a man and less of a ball-less hippie draft dodger, who knows, you might have seen enough over in the 'Nam to share even my own sense of professional ennui at the sight of one more stiff.
Tough little wop monkey as my man Fatso Judson always sez.
Jimmy Wong Howe did it for us years ago. LUZ! The midday refrescos now, if you wouldn't mind? They sit down. Luz comes in and pours drinks, shows her ass to Doc while pouring...
Sure thing, fellas, except aren't we all in the same business?
Bearing in mind that either I don't know or it'll be my ass if I tell you, what is it?
I drove up with Bambi -- she heard Spotted Dick were staying here -DOC She's keen on the Dick, huh?
What -- you really think that I would ever start giving either of them shit?
... just be advised boys, you'll want to watch your step, 'cause what I am is, is like a smalldiameter pearl of the Orient rolling around on the floor of late capitalism -- lowlifes of all income levels may step on me now and then but if they do -- it'll be them who slip and fall and on a good day break their ass, while the ol' pearl herself just goes arollin'. Thanks for the lift. CUT TO: 46
(Mighty snotty,
They talked to me. Some smart-ass named Bjornsen. Can’t say it was encouraging. But I guess he’s a fan of yours... Would you mind not staring at my tits like that?
Another member of Mickey's muscle patrol. They've all dropped out of sight, but last night, Boris called me late. We have some history. Right now, he's scared shitless.
He said Mickey was in the deepest shit you could get in all because of this idea that came to him.
Clancy, I only look like an evil motherfucker... secretly, I'm as sentimental as any ex-old man.
I sort of mashed the front end. was looking at these chicks out on Little Santa Monica --
He's an asshole. She's emotional.
Every time a hippie puts his hand out for loose change -- there I am.
Because you were observed in Blatnoyd's company, both of you riding in a vehicle full of drug crazed hippies.
Then you won't mind my sharing a thought. It's you hippies. You're making everybody crazy. We'd always assumed that Michael's conscience would never be a problem. After all his years of never appearing to have one. Suddenly he decides to change his life and give away millions to an assortment of degenerates -Negroes, longhairs, drifters. Do you know what he said? We have it on tape. ‘I feel as if I've awakened from a dream of a crime for I can never atone, an act I can never go back and choose not to commit.
Then you won't mind my sharing a thought. It's you hippies. You're making everybody crazy.
-- we'd always assumed Michael's conscience would never be a problem after all his years of never appearing to have one. Suddenly he decides to give away millions to Negroes, longhairs and drifters.
Word is your girlfriend's back.
Then I guess that one's on my ticket because it was me who introduced him to Burke Stodger and Burke who set him up with the Viggies...
Alright -- whatever you meant to do, Shasta, you ended up saving Coy's life... now he's a snitch for the LAPD and an undercover agent for the Viggies and maybe the Golden Fang -- the outfit, not the boat -- and there's a few stiffs so far that may or may not be on his karmic ticket.
Could that be true? All this time, Doc assumed he'd been out busting his balls for folks who, if they paid him anything it'd be half a lid or a small favor down the line or maybe only just a quick smile, long as it was real. He began to run through the cash customers he could remember, starting with Crocker Fenway and going on through studio executives, stock market heroes of the go-go years, remittance men from far away who needed new pussy or dope connections, rich old guys with cute young wives and vice versa... It was sure a piss-poor record, not too different, after all, he guessed, from interests Coy had been working for. Forget who -- what was he working for anymore? (NOTE:
We're in sensitive territory here, Sportello.
I can hear you getting a hard-on.
You think it's all some monolithic fun fest down here, Doc? Nothing to do all day but figure out new ways to persecute you hippies?
Speed bag titties?
Come on, man, "i", "Y", that ain't the point. The point is you're doing this for ma, your boy. I've been dating Nikki for seven weeks and -BUNS
Tonight, tonight, gonna bust that ass tonight ••• BUNS
Harold's retarded
Bring me one of those nasty-ass Chinese beers. CHAN
••• yeah, boy that blond hair makes you look like a mocha-mix Madonna, even I been thinking about tapping that Dennis Rodman looking ass. BUNS.
No, man. She's on you. She"s just nervous, blind date, y'understand.
Girl's got some shit with her, Buns.
Well I"m the notorious Sam Sneed and Ug Li gotta put his Chesterfield out.
Naw, man. Just chill, the girl made it pe~fectly clear, Rushon. You ain"t taking that nookie ride, not tonight. so stop kicking my feet under the table. Rushon looks at Buns like the traitor that he is. BUNS
••• just shut yo' mouth. BUNS
Wax that four thousand pound ass,
Marge, grab my butt cheeks •••
Damn ' , not so hard.
Damn, you gonna take all a
Damn, that looks like Killa,
Where the hell am I gonna find a dental dam?
Hey, hey, hey! It ain"t about that, fellas. ·SINGH
What are you going to do, Akmed?
I don't know. Just walk the earth ••• contemplate shit ••• like Caine in Kung Fu •
Rushon, look who here, manl Buns gestures to Nyquilla, big ugly transvestite.
Be a pig!
Ooh ••• so, you're the blokes, All right, follow me. CLARK
No, really honey. He has nothing against Jack and he's not really going to cut off his balls, are you Clark?
But Jack hates fat women.
Don't call Cherie a slut. CLARK
Dear Audrey, I've missed the shit out of you. You've only been gone two days, but it feels l.ike a semester. Luckily Debbie came by to cheer me up and we went to a movie ••• a real weird one. I could hardly keep Debbie off my lap she was so scared.
Who the hell were they? HELGA
This is so bitchin' ••• my friends will shit.
Sure, sure. Let them go. They're just a pair of ingrates. ELLEN
Wait a minute fella, You're the
Hey, I never even saw these assholes before.. He spins to Duke Henry the Red. You gotta tell 'em you don't know me. We never met. Tell him.
You wanted the damn book. You got yer book. I did my part of the deal.
You eyeballin' me boy?
No  Hell, some secretary in New York just hands it to you. Only this one kept dropping it out of the box.
Where the hell have you been?
That is the damndest impact I've ever saw...
Secondary fluidic shunt for the sewage system.  I found the grating ripped right off.  The little fucker was strong.
What do I think?  I think if those Marines from Powell don't shift their butts getting here, we're gonna get caught up to our necks in the middle of something we shouldn't.
Forget it, man.
Oh, nice going, man!  It was a lemur! A goddamn lemur!
Get your ass out of here, boss!
Yo' momma, boneface!
You got 'im!
Matt!  Open these damn doors right now, I'll ream your ass so bad these things out here'll seem like the Easter Bunny in comparison!  Swear to God!
Shut up, York.
Blow those suckers, Driscoll!
Hotter 'n hell out there!
If you don't move your ugly butt, we're gonna end up barbecued!  Come on!
Hey! Hey! Goddamnit. There’s a lady present.
I'm not good at this. Do you know what it's like to spend all day not doing the thing you're good at? Agnes doesn't answer. They look at each other.
Are you fucking kidding me? You do a million things. And you’re good at all of them. She smiles, pleased.
Well, what am I supposed to do about it? I'm working my ass off.
Her parents are jerks. They grounded her for a month, but then they went on a cruise. So now her step sister is watching her, like a warden.
You FORGOT to make dinner? What else did you forget? Did you forget us? Agnes stares at him.
You're doing it the old way. Agnes. What are you-?
You’re a goddamn rebel is what you are. She looks up for a quick second, smiling. She likes the idea of it. 179Dear White People. The minimum requirement of Black friends needed to not seem racist has just been raised to two.
Sorry, but your weed man Tyrone does not count.
No need. Mass media from Fox News to reality tv on VH1 makes it clear what white people think of us.
...I am! The whole point of randomized housing is to mix shit up. I'm out here trying to find the Olivier to my Halle Berry, and they've got me looking like an extra on a Different World...
With the rich white kids.
-- Ain't nothing hood about me.
It's a Black thing babe.
Since when is OCD a Black thang?
Don't say "thang" like that.
My major's in Jive. Minoring in Shuck. You're still majoring in trying to fuck my left overs right?
You're in the Black Student Union. You probably know Sam.
The talented tenth always has to bust its ass a little bit harder, but I don't see the benefit in blaming white folks for everything.
Dear White People, stop dancing.
Dear White People. What do I think about it?
This is your senior thesis Sam, where the hell is your head at?
Dear White People. Please stop touching my hair.
Sounds like a reminder of how gay you are.
President Fletcher tells me his son got his ass handed to him.
Ya know what I mean. I drinks my Vodka straight, like I'm a fiend.
Relax the Negro at the door is not here to rape you.
--Yo watch that man.
-- Ya'll get Country Clubs we get to say Nigga.
What do you have against Dear White People?
Keeping it One-Hundred! Being Black as hell just cause.
I'm taking my ass home.
Stay Black, my brother.
I'm bumping Frank Ocean right now. I don't give a fuck. Imma still eat at Chik Fil A though. Them nuggets good as hell. 63.
Black people can't be racist.
Prejudice? Yes. But not racist. Racism describes a system of disadvantage based on race. Black people can't be racist since they don't benefit from such a system.
Yo, what the hell Sam?
Reggie I will call you later damn!
You can't say Mulatto.
artist, filmmaker, shit starter. And beautiful, in general. 70.
You damn right it is.
Dear White People. Are you tired of your hum drum, Wonderbread existence of accidental racism and wishing you could sip on Henny out yo crunk cup without a Bitch giving you the side-eye? Course you are.
It's like a black hole for white people's fingers. They're obsessed.
I'm done being everybody's angry Black chick.
Black Student Union.
You're being rude son.
My name is Lionel, Some people call me Li. Lots of people think that I talk kinda white. Well that's alright. Yeah that's cool. I'd rather you think I'm white, than tap dance for you.
‘Sup bra?
That is actually very gay.
...You’ll be this awesomely bitchy publishing mogul...
Oh you’re that Frances.
Hey bitches!
I’d love to go to Paris. I’ll bet it’s magic. One of my friends from college, Abby, who moved there because her boyfriend works for a bank. In school, she was on of the top five friends, but then Zoe became closer to our friend group and Abby kind of moved to the outer ring. Everyone at the table listens politely. two shits.
I don’t know why I’m shit-talking Sophie. She’s basically the best
Well, don’t be a dick about it! I wasn’t!
Damn.
Fuck it, I'm an Eskimo.
I'd bone bitches asses.
Specifically the ass?
If I could change things I would make all the hot chicks bone me.
Then you're going to jail. Blow in here, son.
The moment the bride and groom kissed, King Xardon performed a mind-wipe on all of the humans, thereby erasing all knowledge of these events from their minds, and sent them back to Babylon. For seven hundred years these events would be forgotten by mankind until one day, a great writer by the name of Mark Bellison, would stumble upon them in the desert, after being fired by his shit boss Anthony and mocked by Rob and Shelly, two huge douche bags. Lecture Films Motion Picture Studios would go on to make the picture and it would be a big success, and Mark would become very wealthy and famous from it. The End.
Ah, my family. We're what you'd probably call "not lucky". My whole family is kind of marked by tragedy, bad luck and general... shittiness. It goes back a long ways and could probably drive someone to suicide just hearing about it, so I'll keep it simple. My mom died when I was six. Cancer.
So he's kind of a good guy, but he's also kind of a prick too?
Number eight: Even if the man in the sky does bad shit to you, he makes it up to you by giving you an eternity of good stuff after you die.
You're all gay!
Hear me out, fellas. Allow me to introduce you to the future of your companies.
Gentleman, if you'll excuse me, I have five thousand gay orphans on my front lawn that are going bananas.
Jack no one touched your damn watch. Why’s it matter anyway? Just change it back. Anyways Joe, your story has been told a thousand times.
Fuck yeah we will. If you’ll have us.
You were kind of hard on Trevor, man.
Thanks for saving my ass back there.
Because you saved my ass back there. Candace smiles.
And they’re off! With Candace taking an early lead followed closely by random douche bag with Mellow Yellow hot on the tail. Jack looks back while running. He sees a group of five crazies rounding the corner and gaining on them. They are pushing each other to get ahead.
Well, you just make sure that crazy asshole with the gun doesn’t shoot me.
Yeah, just throwing this shit out. The guard moves on. In the guard’s wake, TWO OTHER PRISONERS fall into line with Forrest. One is Teddy. The other is JOHN WALLER. Waller is a bit younger, in his 50s. Wide-eyed, a naive air to him. Eager to please, you might say.
Goddamn it, Forrest, we don’t got time for that.
Fellas, we gotta get a move on!
Good. Can you take the kids to school? I’ve been up three nighs in a row now... Me too...
No. Mainly on account of no one giving a shit. It’s just kind of a funny story.
About any fellas of a particular vintage I might have known back in Huntsville who might be up to know good. Huh.
That was Teddy Green. He and I, we were in the machine shop together, making shit. We always traded stories. He made me laugh. Did he ever tell you the story about the time he shit his pants on the work release truck?
Because he was nice. He was a real nice fella. And he told me... She bites her tongue. Figuratively speaking.
You got your lady with you? Yep.
Holy cow. Look at that. Had a little disaster didn't ya fella.
You wanna get out of here? You wanna leave?
Well c'mere, young fella.
Yeah. Can't believe you started such a dorky fad.
Just gimme the damn remote!
YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER!
I'd give my ass for a Quarter with fries.
you dunce!
Well, we all figured you fellas mighta headed to F.A. by now.
You're talkin' about gettin' down there amongst 'em, my boy. Sabotage and infiltration is scary-ass business.
she like?
she like?
I got no plaee to go.
I know that honey, I know ABIGAIL He has a prostate problem.
You sick fuck! Get off her!I don't mind loving a crazy bastard, Phil. But you've got to be for something and not just against everything. You have to choose something to represent.
Why do you ask so many damn questions?
Nice going, hippie. Went right through the gap that time.
Whatever your damn fool religion is called, I think it works.
None of your damn business.
My boy died out here the other day, and some punks have stolen his body.
Welcome back, hippie.
A hippie hit it.   I thought you'd gone.
Whatever happened to peace, love and understanding, hippie?
Singed my damn mustache, that's for sure.
The radio mikes are going to make everything easier. So, look. Take a moment. Let all this shit go. We don't roll till you're ready.
Everyone relax. We're just going to run the lines. That's all. No acting. Just run the lines. Then we're going to shoot this fucking scene.
That Hollywood shit. It's all fluff, man. These are the kind of movies I want to do, right here.
God, I'm sorry, Nick. Something came up. I forgot to call. I'm sorry, I feel like such an asshole.
Christ, did you get a bump on your head, Nicky. 'Cause you're talking like an idiot.
It's part of the set, goddamnit. Now go around.
Damn. '85.
Whatever.
I'm sorry, Nick. I'm going through some heavy shit.
What’cha got on your face? Fudgesicles!
Good, Jerome’s here. Jerome drives up right next to them and parks. Climbs out. He’s munching on a large cookie. Smiles to them -JEROME I forgot how bitchin’ Rhode Island is.
But you wanna have sex.
Then I’d say he's a sadistic prick.
"Hey, look at me! I'm a Kennedy! I can catch a ball while flying down a mountain on skis!" Of course he died. Idiot. The arrogance of these people. Reema bowls a strike. Friends cheer/bitch. Nat pours herself more wine. Becca and Izzy exchange looks.
I know I've been a screw-up, but people get their shit together. And maybe I'm not as organized as you are, or homey, or whatever-BECCA Nobody's comparing us. Really?
That girl is a major loser.
That girl's butt looks awfully familiar.
Get into these arms, you little punk. Nick wraps his arms around Annie and pulls her close.
-- You mean you never saw me drink so much vodka before! Guess what? I've got news for you, Marty old chap... never tasted the stuff before. Not once.
Damn straight. Beat. They watch the golfers.
And shake hands with the kingpin. Laura and the guys fall about laughing. CUT TO: LATER -- the astronauts shoot the shit post-game. Laura notices Mark up at the bar making the barmaid laugh.
Come on, slugger. He turns to Laura.
my ass.
These people just maimed.
Jesus
You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum shore whipped the hell outta you tonight!
You tell Rebecca ain't a Chinaman in all this world can beat her ironing.
I guess so -- but I went home and did me some praying to the Lord. I said, Lord, I went into this white church down in Row and all I want you to tell me is how I ever got outta there in one piece.
Oh, yeh -- possums and coons better hide deep from us tonight!
Dammit, I'm talkin' to you, woman! I gotta farm to think about and I need answers.
It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here. If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round your mama right now -- is they on this side of us, son?
He will... Come on, git down and act like a possum.
I don't look like no possum!
Charlie, you have no legal right not to let this boy know where his father is! You hear that, you and this whole damn court house; what you are doing is wrong!
All right now, get movin', you losin' daylight.
There is nobody name Morgan! Now get away from here before you git us in trouble!
Didn't see 'im, Mama. The other men there say they didn't know Daddy.
No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg just won't act right no more!
Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me!Wunderbar. With Finn McMissile gone, who can stop us now?
Oh, man. You ain't gonna believe the things I got planned for us.
He is so getting beat tomorrow.
I know him. This is the bloke that called into the television show.
Wow! Some of them fellers is really loud.
I cannot believe what I just saw, Brent. That was a bonehead move. You don't open up the inside like that!
Mater! This chap needs a tow. Hook him up.
Give it up, McMissile!
Fellers, listen.
Electric cars don't use oil, you twit.
"Dee-sguised voice?" What are you talking about? You're nuts, you are!
Fucking mess is right. The nuns said my soul wasn’t at peace with God and I should do penance. Frank said anyone teaching God’s love while they hit you with a stick should be ignored on every subject. Lionel’s eyes are down the street, watchful and sharp. Black kids playing football in the cold. LIONEL’s POV: way off down the block a figure approaching. Lionel: sharpens up. A flicker of a grin.
That’s what I count on. That’s how I sleep at night, you with no gun. I’ve got a gun. You just show up. I wouldn’t want you chuckleheads coming up a stairway for me with a hairpin. With a harmonica.
Minna Classic. Freezin’ our asses off, don’t even know the score.
Jesus look at the size of that guy. They got serious muscle with em...Everything cool, Boss?
‘Here Lies Frank Minna. Cool as can be.’ They’ll carve that on his fucking tombstone. I don’t know if it was growing up in Greenpoint or fighting the Japanese, but he was cool under pressure in a way you can’t teach. LIONEL leans out and waves to CONEY who hustles out of the car and to the door, buzzes, enters, gives thumbs up.
If you need a road map to wipe your ass I can’t help you, Lou. These gentlemen understand it or they wouldn’t be here.
Let’s not kid each other fellas. You got the biggest gravy train this century pulling out. I’m asking for a seat in the rear here.
Oh come on fellas, don’t get in a twist, it’s just busi...
Close that damn door and keep it closed! INT. LIONEL’S APARTMENT - MORNING
Were you on that line, dumbshit? I’m telling you he was nervous. Nervous Nellie! I could hear it. He was making some kind of a play. There’s something big going down a week from Thursday and whatever he found they weren’t happy about it.
I’m on Gunderson.
FORM MY ASS, BAILEY!
I had a Sergeant during the Bulge...He told me “Sometimes you do everything you’re supposed to and it still goes to shit.” It ain’t on you, bud.
You a tease?
In the room he was talking about a girl, a colored chick. Something she knew had em pretty unhappy, wondering who else knew. Frank said her father is a busted up vet who runs a club...this joint is three blocks from that meet.
Yes, you fucking should! Emerson said “an institution is the lengthened shadow of one man”... EXT. BOROUGH AUTHORITY HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT Headlights of the waiting CAR light up the front of the massive stone face and steps of the edifice where Moses works.
Bebop, Bailey in the Metropolitan BOPera House! Shit. Sorry.
Sarge is a good man...but you gotta watch it round a man’s family...you know? Sarge? Billy.
How you think his arm got so fucked up? Colored Marine unit. Carrying ammo ‘til he picked up a gun and helped stop some Jap suicide attack. Got hit though.
Alright...alright, calm down. Fuckin’ Lionel...I think you’re on the sniff. I do. But what’s the angle on the guy at the club? Her father. What was Frank doing talking to him?
Then you got nothing to worry about, the law’s on your side.
I smooth it all out for your pain in the ass brain...we putting this to bed tonight?
You've been out for days man, talking all kinds of shit. Come on, we'll walk you down to the courtyard.
Getchmis olsun
Getchmis...?
'Figgers.
Hamidou.  Chief of the Guards. Don't fuck with him. He almost killed an Italian dude couple months ago.  Bad news. He try anything with you?
...They tell Ziat everything. He's the squeal round here. Goes all over the prison.  Sells watered- down tea, blankets, hash, black money, nembutols --anything for a buck...
He was an informer on the outside but he tried to screw the cops out of 60 kilos of opium. Watch him, he's a fox.
Tell you the truth, I think the food is lousy. The crap they sell in these little restaurants. I went out to eat in one of them last night, and I had to run to the damn toilet... You shoulda' seen the toilet.
You mean you got toilets?
Me good shit.
Yeah! Efe big shit.
But you fuck with me. You fuck with me all the time. You make crummy tea.  You rip us off on the hash.
The prison, man. There was this German cat an architect in the hospital. He was helping the Turks build some shit round the place. I laid some bread on him and he let me copy them.
--the water like "'weeps" through the cement, see. Twenty, thirty years, you can almost push it over. All we do is use Gastrohead's screwdriver here and scrape the mortar out. Pull out 2, 3 stones, squeeze through, put 'em back, and get our ass down the shaft, It's a two night operation, maybe three.
Hey, you know what's gonna get us out of here?  It's not a map, Max. It's our balls. You know what I mean...
I guess that's just like asking a bear to shit in a toilet...
Omina koyden your sas!
Just jiggle it, scratch it out, loose nit up, it's soft real soft!
You gotta have a lot of balls for this
I Guess he didn't talk...Poor bastard.
A pussycat is born to be whipped.
You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends.
What kind of asshole joins the Navy but hates the water.
My ass you do.
--and that’s your ticket home. Just drag your jelly-roll ass up and ring it and you’ll be headed home to momma Shamu.
Was that your ass talking then? THE BELL RINGS. Chris jerks up, worried it was Biggles but-- an ATHLETIC CANDIDATE staggers off.
I don’t think he likes black dudes, “D”. “D” is African American, from Indiana, stoic and stacked. He has a rhythmic grumble and a meat-eater’s glare.
You hungry Biggles? I’d bet you’d eat the ass out of a low-flying duck.
Hooyah. I’d toss that critter shitter on a baguette and get my eat on. “SQUIRREL” is a San Clemente surfer kid, just tall enough to ride roller-coaster, with a jutty jaw.
Nuts crawled up inside. The little shits are gone for good. “CHRIS” sits up front, covered in mud. His eyes burn steely blue, full of resolve. He’s found himself here.
Blowing shit up. Blowing shit up is way cooler. A brunette steps to the bar. A sharp object with heavy eye-shadow and tight leather pants. This girl owns her sexuality but she’s often been used for it. This is “TAYA”. She is trying to ignore the advances of A SHORT NAVY GUY but he’s relentless. Chris watches as
I’m no redneck, I’m a Texan.
You just got your first kill, Goat.
-Fuck that was gnarly.
--hot as Bigfoot’s ballsack over here.
past, lights blur, trees blow in choppy havoc, then-TIME SLOWS to a crawl as CROSS-HAIRS FIND A MALE hurrying into a alley, pulling shit from a pack. We zero-in and-a flame flickers. The male is smoking opium.
You covered our ass out there, man. Appreciate it. Those were ballsy shots.
Hell yeah, they were.
You saw his balls?
You want me to talk dirty to you?
You’re horny preggers.
No man. No. I like my life. I wanna make it home. I go fishing and do all kind of cool shit. It’s not my job to knock down doors. Those guys picked the wrong fucking job. I ain’t doing that shit.
That’s badass.
Let’s go, PFC Kyle. Move your ass. Marines on-board the C-17. Jeff is anxious, shifting-CHRIS You okay? Jeff?-JEFF I heard you’re kickin ass our here. All the guys, that’s what they say-Chris fixes Jeff’s collar: a tender gesture.
I’m proud of you. You hear me? He can’t hear shit over those fans.
Yeah. Right. Well, you Marines saved our ass plenty out there. How you holding up?
Whatever, man.
What the fuck!? How’d he survive-BIGGLES Rubber junk-man’s got your horseshoe. They roll out in pursuit. The Humvee pulls up. Inside-“D”
Yes I do. You’re my brother and they’re going to pay for what they did to you. His mind made up. Biggles moved by it.
Squirrel cycled out. Dauber was coming back but his wife knocked him up. And if I bring home another rug my old lady’ll murder my ass. Teams and shit.
Doesn’t matter. Hold your fire. We got uglies right below us-Chris repositions himself, FACING SOUTH-- he lowers his eye to glass, bleeding sweat, aiming toward Baghdad.
He was on our boys and I took him out.
M2 GUNNER can’t see shit on his monitor.
Bulls-eye, boy! Damn, if that don’t feel like I got my balls back.
They had to leave Syria! They had no choice!
Stop calling me 'sir! I ain't no officer. My name is Byron. On the boy's happy expression we: DISSOLVE TO: INT. THE BAR - SEVERAL WEEKS LATER Zack sits on the stairs watching a crazy scene taking place on the long bar. A bunch of jet pilots off one of the carriers are in town and they're playing a game of "chicken". Each pilot must take a turn being pushed down the bar in a chair on rollers. The winner is the guy who flies the farthest without bailing out of his chair. The whores are rooting them on and gambling money is being waved in the air. As Tiki, one of Byron's girls, climbs the stairs, he catches her hand and gestures questioningly in the direction of the hotshot fliers.
Zack, you little shit! changed a bit!
Neither have you, pard! They come together in a macho embrace like old whoring buddies.
Get ready pard. blow you away.
To fly jets. To be the fastest motherfucker in the world. You gotta come and visit me. I'm only a couple hours away.
Don't be pissed. I'm on your side, Pard. I just don't want you to do something you'll regret. You gotta give six years to the Navy if you wanna fly ... that's six years with the most uptight assholes God put on this earth. Officers aren't like you and me, man. It's another breed.
Hey, baby, you could get sent to war, get your ass shot down.
Look, Zack. It's them. Holy shit. Look at that bodacious set of ta-tas. They approach the girls where they've stopped to chat with Nellie Rufferwell.
Everywhere and nowhere, Paula the Polack.
Get off my case, Mayo. up rich.
Great ass.
What if I want to talk about her, pard? What then? You know, that's all I've ever heard from you, since I was a kid ... you never want to talk about that, man, and it's important.
Okay, worms. This is it. Can you pussies live through three days without food or water in the wilderness? This is where we thin our ranks the "natural" way, children. Incidentally, those little twigs you see floating in those mud puddles aren't twigs. They're water moccasins.
Come on, Mayo! You're gonna get our asses in trouble, man!
Come on, Seeger! together!
No excuses, Seeger! You are going to plant those legs here and then you're going to yank yourself over that wall because you have to! You want jets? The do it, goddamnit! Seeger nods, almost mesmerized by his decisive tone of voice, his sudden emergence as a leader. She starts running, takes off exactly on the mark, and struggles to the top of the wall. She drops down on the other side and Zack joins her, smiling
I don't get it! He's the best candidate in our class! Ask anyone! The best student! The best leader! The best friend to everybody! Couldn't you bend your goddamn standards just a little?
People. What is going on out there? I look down this table, and all I see are white flags. Our numbers are down all across the board. Teen smoking, our bread and butter, is falling like a shit from heaven. We don’t sell Tic-Tacs for Christ’s sakes. We sell cigarettes. And they’re cool, and available, and addictive. The job is almost done for us.
I like to think that I’m your boss, son. But I do admire loyalty in a man. I can forgive almost anything in a man if he’s loyal. Like that Oprah show you did. You could have given up, cried and apologized, but you stayed loyal. And you gave it to that son’v’a bitch good.
Get out of my office.
How about it Nick? Are you a “tit” man?
Okay, yeah, just don’t get screwed.
I think Christ himself would say, ‘That’s mighty white of you, boys.’
Strange business. In the early fifties, they had the first cancer scare, so they brought in those filters. Then they got worried that men would think filters were for pussies. That’s where I came in.
Damn straight.
Why the hell not?
Glorious tits.
Leppe, Chem, Jluaaall, Ja.nin9s, Martin, Mitc:hell.
WICKS
We get a lot of assholes in here, Marty.
I knew it. 'Cause we wouldn't have heard anything if it was him. He's real careful. Fact is, he's anal.
Damn...
What's the matter, you deaf?
...She says you're full of shit and frankly I believe her. And hey, I love you too. Sure. Anyway, you better call me soon because I'm going to South America tonight--you know, Uruguay?
...I'm not saying you took it but the place was your responsibility and I told you to keep an eye on your asshole friend. Don't--uh, don't come to the bar tonight, I've got a meeting. But tomorrow I want to have a word with you, and with Ray--if you can find him.
You have a slight accent, Frau Roget. Where are you from?
Where...whare are you going?                       *
I wish I was one of them. I wish I was one of them. I wish I was one of them. Fuck. INT. HENRIETTA'S GOLDEN BEDROOM - DAY Henrietta rocks out to her walk-man while jamming on some homework. Jolie’s in his underwear again playing Sonic.
EXT. CONVENIENT STORE Henrietta approaches the Redhead Grunge Kid. They’re both skipping class.
Dude, Christine’s been jocking your nuts lately. What’s up with that?
I don’t know man. I think she’s into me.
Even if she does like you dude, you'd have to be loco to get with her. Jolie looks over at Christine on the other side of the classroom. Christine smiles back.
That dude is always messing with us.
Wendel! Get your ass over hear.
What the hell is a dikfor?
Shit man. I’m sorry dude. You deserved an A. It was tight as a mug.
Damn. Aw, man.
Really? Shit, so do I. All the time.
This shit is meaningless! Who gives a crap!? A paper on the floor is marked with a big fat red F with a circle around it. A note is paper-clipped to the corner of the page. Henrietta shrieks again - launches her TI-81 Calculator at Mr. Aaronson, who dodges and it breaks a few plates that were on display. Mr. Aaronson acts fast.
Don’t worry, I know how to help Henrietta get her shit together. Jolie.
You just sprayed painted ‘thugg life’ on Mr. Applebaum’s door.
The MANAGER and DIRTY LOU come out of DUANE 's room.
Butt-munch.
You're not thinking of joining those idiots?
Where the hell've you been?
How to kiss ass.
Sorry, Sir. Just real anxious to kick some alien ass.
Think nothing of it, Spanky.
Okay, jerk-off. Let's have some fun.
This thing we're pretty sure is the life support for the cabin, this do- hickey over here is connected with the engines, this crap... we have no idea what that stuff is for.
We got the bastards!
David, David! What the hell are you doing!?
Not to mention that this whole cockamamie plan is dependent on a machine that no one in the world is qualified to operate.
Doesn't anyone have any damned missiles left?!
I don't hear no fat lady.
You scared the hell out of me.
Because Charles is a big jerk.
I don't wanna learn no stupid violin. It's for wimps.
Good. And what am I doing when I turn this little screw?
My son's got more important things to do than learn dead white men's music.
It's over between us too, Bobbi.
Whatsa matter -- you got cooties?
Jesus, Brian. Do you still get away with that crap? It's not the Sixties anymore.
I'm sorry. I'm being an asshole.
White.
You know I don't feel that way and you know damn well I've been standing by you all these years! You think I haven't noticed what you've done for these kids?
Hello, Assunta. How are you?
Take it from me -- this lady don't lie. Y'all are gonna work your butts off.
Shut up.  I'm rich.  I'm richer than all this new Hollywood trash. I've got a million dollars.
Go away.  Go to that girl of yours.
Look, I was making that up because I thought the whole thing was a mistake.  I didn't want to hurt you. You've been good to me.  You're the only person in this stinking town that has been good to me.
Last time I saw you was someplace very gay.  I remember waving to you. I was dancing on a table.
OLD BLACK MAN)
Gain1ki wa1 in the White Hou•• until midnight la1t night. This little pelican thing ha1 the• ■ cared. The Pre1ident want, u1 to 1ecretly investigate it. He wants to know there's nothing to it so he can convince Voyle1 to back off.
Fuck Coal. Just judge it on its merits as a story.
You think of everythin1.
Mattiece will sue the pants off them if they try to publish that.
You!
I notice you've waited until five o'clock. An hour earlier, and we could've run to court and stopped this damned thina.
I'm a growed-up woman, can take care of my own damn heart.
That's 'cause you didn't get your goolies near tore off by her! For all I know, I been rendered incompetent!
Micklemass.
'Cept sometimes she does. If I gave her up, would that be an end to my woes? Sitting before her is Mal, thinking exactly that.
The government man.
Blackrock.
My beating heart, you fiends...
Gimme a damn bandage! SIMON
Jud? You asleep? No answer.
Crazy old bastard.
What happened with Biffer? Jud takes a breath.
What are you talking about? I am bloody skinny, pal.
Who's this fat man, then?
When the old bastard is not playing cards he's chasing a thousand debts that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons.
Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear in Harry's stone cold heart.
No you prat, that's for me.
Hold on bollocks, no one but card players in here tonight sonny, and I do mean no one.
You want a pint, go to the pub.
This is three card brag, gentlemen. That means that three threes is the highest, then three aces and then running down accordingly; then it's a running flush, a run, a flush, then a pair: An open man can't see a blind man, and it will cost you twice the anti to see your opponent. Don't fuck around, fellas; you all know the rules and you know I won't stand for it.
You're the only fella in London who wears shirts like that. Three hundred and fifty open.
No Frazer, it's just I'm the only classy fella you have had the pleasure of seeing in London. One hundred and seventy-five blind.
If you think I am going to ruin it for a couple of old bastards you're mistaken, Kenny.
Hold on fellas, I know . . .
Sorry fellas, but that stupid cow!
I must have been there fifty times, it's never been locked; they're not suspicious. Everybody who goes there are toffs. They're all into that karma crap: `If I don't harm nobody, nobody harms me' stuff.
How heavy are the fellas anyway?
Er, bad breath, colourful language and a feather duster! . . . What do you think they will be armed with? Guns, you tit!
Jesus, Soap, stop being such a mincer. I thought about that and...
Shit Ed, we've got a traffic warden.
This guy Rory Breaker can afford to do the deal at the price we are selling. It's not worth him giving us trouble; he knows we would be a pain in the arse, and who wants a pain in the arse?
I would take a pain in the arse for half a million.
Give it us here, you dozy sod. You hide and get the guns ready. Wait until they are well in, then give it to 'em.
There's six black cocks sitting on the side of the road. How many beaks have they got between them?
All right son, you're outta here! And you want to stay outta here.
The silly sod.
Orderly's Reeboks walking down the hospital corridor.
Almost -- American.
between CU's of the two women, face to face.
And you're Black Mamba.
Domo.
Domo.
Goddamn, what a wildcat.
Now now boys...Mr. Bill, do you intend to start any shit with that sword?
That did it fuckhead, you're out the door -L.F. motions him back to his position. The players watch L.F. And Bill, an opposite ends of the table, trade quips. Bill looks from the dice to L.F.
I just caught me the cowgirl, ain't never been caught.
Got anything to say? The Bride knows how these fiends derive satisfaction, and she won't give it to them.
In America white women call this the silent treatment.
Because he's a very very very old man. And like all rotten bastards, when they get old, they become lonely. Not that that has any effect on their disposition. But they do learn the value of company.
The exquisite art of the samurai sword. Don't make me laugh. Your so called exquisite art, is only fit for Japanese fat heads. You really are a silly ass. This brings up The Bride's eye...She GLARES at the old man.
Yeah you gotta hand it to the ol' girl. I never saw nobody buffalo Bill the way she buffaloed Bill. Bill useta think she was so damn smart. I tried to tell him... Bill, she's just smart for a blonde. He looks over at Elle and grins. Elle looks at him.
Bring it on, bitch. The viper known as death incarnate, LEAPS at Elle. Elle flicks her wrist slightly. She doesn't even swing the blade. She just holds it. The snake's head touches it, and is immediately SEPARATED from its body. ELLE'S EYES look down at the Japanese steel in her hand.
BLOOD begins to PROJECTILE SPRAY out of a slice in Elle's neck only a quarter of an inch long. The Blood does not exit the neck as liquid but as a FINE RED MIST, like that of an aerosol can, we even HEAR the slight SPRAY WHISTLE. Elle feels nothing. She turns her eyes towards the sound of the spray, and sees the blood escaping her like air from a balloon. She lifts her hand and places it in the path of the spray, it's immediately BATHED IN RED. Elle drops the Bride's sword. As her blood continues to escape, both women look across each other. The effect is that Elle Driver is a balloon and her life is escaping before both their very eyes. And now looking across at each other, the two women see the other for the first time, not as adversaries, or opponents, or as rivals, or as bitches...but as sisters. Elle no longer has enough life in her to stand up...She falls to her knees in front of The Bride.... ...then as she dies, she leans the side of her head against The Bride's standing body. Her blood runs down The Bride's leg. As she passes on, Elle gently wraps her arms around the Bride's leg. The Bride's hands go down to Elle's long blonde hair, and begins gently stroking it, easing her pain as she expires. Only in death do they find the sisterhood that could have
I said - I said - You're the most beautiful woman I ever saw in the whole white world.
Well, if she doesn't like you, you got to kill her to say hello. But if she likes you, you can't shut her up. She's a chip off the ole blonde in that regards. He holds up the bottle of vino.
Any other time you'd be a hundred percent right. But this time you're a hundred percent wrong. I'm the deadliest woman in the world, but right now I'm scared shitless for my baby. Please, you hafta believe me. Look at the strip, it's on the floor. Karen looks over to the door, and sees the tiny strip on the floor.
Yes it is safe me talking to you ‘cos Abi’s driving… Because in England we let women drive. Tell him…
I'm a Berserker!
Well then unlock this bloody door.
Hey! Are you not stopping to say ‘hello' you miserable old bastard?
I’m just saying go easy on theDOREEN Ach, they’re from London, everybody swears in London.
You’ve got another escapee charging around like a loonie down by the burn.
Why the hell… I mean, Newcastle,
Aye, I'm grand, apart from the sand up my arse. JESS and MICKEY find the notion of sand in Grandad's pants very funny.
I used to feel like that about my lot. But then I realised there's no point being angry with people you love for being what they are. So what if your Dad is a complete and utter bloody shambles… and what if your Uncle Gavin is a bit of a tight-arse… all that social climbing… he can't help himself… just as his wife can't help being frightened of her own shadow… and your Mum can't help being a bit mouthy… the truth is… every human being on this planet is ridiculous in their own way, so we shouldn’t judge and we shouldn't fight
You took your time, Murdo.
wee fella, yes indeed, too right.
How did they find us so fast? That’ll be that bloody Donny Mackay, he’ll do anything to fill his bloody guest house. He shapes to close the blind.
… now I’m sure many of you believe he can see us… but for my part, I think death is it. I think life… this life is all you get, and Gordie McLeod had a hell of a life, and so should we… because that’s all death is good for… to give us a kick up the arse and say get on with it, and love those around you.These men in there —— don't let them get out.
Touchas and buttocks. Synonymous.
Jerk!
Y u don't believe me.
Stop with the gloomy puss. You're doing everything right. Hang in there. You still have a friend at RiverBank.
That's why he's in college! To get laid!
That was a memorable nugget.
You passing up Gidget for a flat old coot like me.
When we presume we make a pretty pair of asses of me and you or something like that.
Oh shut up.
These young boys, white boys and the young brothers too, they show up late, loaf around. All they want's a check.
I hate you Beldar!
Hi Mister Conehead.
So Conehead if I sink this one I'm four behind you at the turn.
My scrotum is longer than my penis.
I don't think Dick and Maisy pee in their pool.
It's interesting -- this is the first time Dick has invited us over.
Who do we know who's gay?
And Bruce.     He's gay and Aspergers.
Holy shit, Ingrid you're going to have a baby sister or brother.
Besides the thing with Dick?
I'm saying, if you get your sense of self from being fuckable and that starts to wane -- it's very hard. I almost had an affair too. But you know, you don't have to do it. You can, I don't know, get a manicure or something.
He's a Vogler.
Claude, you're being a jerk.
There's Dick.
Frank Abolofia.
Charlie, take your gum, stick it under your ass and keep it warm.
I call, right?  I say I got the dreaded thirty six-hour Asian shits from some raw clam and we stretch it into three days.  You and I become a driving force on the local Geisha scene.
Shut-up, Charlie.
The lieutenant was on the pad along with the rest of the squad.  I was new, didn't know shit.  When the feathers flew, I got called in front of the special prosecutor.  It's on the top of my personnel file.  They think I'm dirty or I cut a deal. Doesn't leave you with a lot of friends either way.
Fellas, get serious.
The man you are looking for, Kobo, was a member of the Samaguchi-gummi. A Yakuza.
No, this is the place for the young Yakuza.
You know, Inspector, you take shit once, you take shit forever.
Why the hell not?
Don't be an ass.
Yakuza.
Damnit, Ichiro, I'm tired of people telling me what I can and can't do. No one ever solved anything sitting on their ass.
The little bastard.  God bless him.
I want the plate from your pal, Sugai.  When you get it, you get her.
I'll tell you one thing.  You can't solve a thing sitting on your ass.
Weapons of Ass Destruction's out then.
Holy shit. Liat was two years ago? I guess so. She was insanely hot, though.
Hey! I'm sick of you talking about her like that, man!
That guy's such a douche bag.
Because of all the other fun shit I'm off doing.
I told her what time it was. It was awesome. She's got the nicest ass.
You better, man. That guy is a poon-tang repellent.
No shit. I'd give my left foot to start dating Helen. She's killin' me.
Ah, Helen's a bitch.
kinda...sit around all day and draw pictures of dicks.
I was very secretive about this dick thing I had going, after all, even I thought I was a loon, lord knows what other people would have thought. So I would take all my dick drawings and stick them in this Muppet lunch-box I had.
I'm going to go take a piss. Peace.
You do the same thing, man! Buy Helen her alcohol. Then, tonight, when you guys are both drunk, get with her! This is the last party we're ever going to go to as high school people! I've fully ignored my hatred for Helen in coming up with this, which is a big ass deal. We need to stop being pussy and for once just goes balls out, man!
Hey! You punched my tit!
I did it, dude. I even offered to pay for it. It was pimp.
Shut up, Fogell.
-Alize, Captain Morgan Rum, Smirnoff Rasberry and a big ass bottle of Popov-
She had the biggest tits in the universe.
It's like me making my nuts saggier.
Mark, come on. What the heck? Don't be a dick.
Hey, wut up?
So, yeah, you gotta look in different places. The gym, an art class, you know, shit like that.
I don't know. I find they're always good for a little quick ass.
If you're Michaels they are. He can't shoot worth dick.
No. No, that's you, man. You are fully Jimmy's brother! You were just so messed up you can't remember.
Trust me, man. That wasn't me. I don't even listen to rap.
Boo-yaka-sha!!! Suck it, Slater. Suck my nuts. Long, but gentle.
Fuck yeah, guys. We made it. Together and safe.
Evan! Oh my god! You are so fucking hilarious!
A fat eighth!
You've got such a smooth cock.
He was violating a sixteen year-old girl!
You are the funniest fuckin' kid I have ever met!
Both of you shut up!
Don't be a dunce.
FBI's gonna have the real manifest, fellas. They're gonna see that she boarded the plane.
You're bankrupting me, Nikita. This is a capitalist conspiracy.
I think actually it’s the stomach and the, you know... Tackle? Arse.
If it ends badly, we pin it all on Lady Sucky Sucky.
What are you doing to my father, you jackals! The very young doctor is peeling back skin on Stalin's skull.
Tiny child doctors are cutting up Papasha! They're filling his brain with American lies! She grabs his face, looks right into his eyes.
Give it to Blavatsky. He’s an expert at sitting on his ass.
But, my chick, how?
Tell Mikoyan to sneeze on the bastards as they go past.
Move, you hairy-assed sluggards! They all turn to go. The manoeuvre turns into hesitant chaos. Molotov’s in front.
With your mouth shut?
Then I give the signal and we roll this barrel of shit out. The doors burst open. It's Kobulov and 2 NKVD lieutenants and Pervak, armed and carrying trays of sandwiches and cold meats. They freeze. Everyone turns and looks at them. Zhukhov clamps his hand over Beria’s mouth.
We're having a party tonight. It was a party everyone wanted to have and you all said you'd pitch in. Now I can't help what happened· today. All I know is that here I am, all aloner doing everything. So will .you at le.ast let me do the work that still has to be done and stop hopping·around like a perfect ass?
Murdock? He ain't worked here six months. Now beat it.
CU LADY JUSTICE
LEAPING from rooftop to rooftop; his senses guiding him along the way. He suddenly SWAN DIVES off of a ledge and PLUMMETS TEN STORIES to the street below. He smiles as he falls. The accident took his sight. But it took his fear as well. He shoots a SO-FOOTNYLONCORDfrom his billy club, catches the railing of a fire escape, and SWINGSUP onto the roof of JOSIE'S BAR. A murky shit-hole down near the shipyards. CUT TO: INT. JOSIE'S BAR - NIGHT
So what are you doing here, Manolis
DE-NIED!
Shit. SMASHCUT TO:
As WETRACKMatt
Hell ya ...
Take the money outta Matt grits
Say your prayers, asshole. CUT TO:
Hell-o
You know about justice. All that talk about making a difference? Sticking up for the little guy? Well I'll be damned if you don't got me believing it.
You said to look out for weird shit. This is pretty weird, man. We CLOSE ON Urich's stunned reaction deep red cane of Matt Murdock.
So your lady kicked you out.
Gotcha. I love this project, but it's a big mother. Know what I mean? If it fails, corporate's going to have my ass. I've got confidence in you, but you hear where I'm coming from, bro?
Oh man, that's my look. I love big butts. Ow, that hurts.
There oughta be a law. Man she is hot. It's just not fair.
Ha-ha. I'm just messing with your mind. But you fell for it man. You are one horny Indian Chief.
No sirree Steven. This woman is all over you like a lamp-shade.
You're whacked man. That guy is bad news.
You don't even know him. You're just mad 'cause he kicked your ass in basketball.
I just want to put this out there, Stevey. You did it bro. You laid your cajones, and mine, out on the table, and you slam dunked it. Way to go.
Steven, you're being an asshole.
Hey Rick. I'm really excited to hear what you found out about this nut.
Seventh Precinct, Sergeant Sacker.
Let's get something straight here, Doctor. I've been 33 years in the business of tracking people down and putting them away. I spent almost a year on Curt Duncan alone, with the trial, the testimonies, the background investigations. I didn't come here today to look in your goddamn folders. In fact, I wouldn't have come here at all if you'd done your job right.
Whaddya say, pardner. I'm dry as a bone. You got any money?
"Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! Rage! Blow, you cataracts and hurricanoes, spout till you have drench'd our steeples and drown'd the cocks!"
Roland, Ajay, and Burke all freeze.
Piss.Lovely scarf, Scabior. Though I’m not sure it’s your color.
You don’t say. Her eyes slide, catch him looking at Hermione.
It was in her bag when we searched her. Reckon it’s mine now. Bang! Quick as lightning, Bellatrix stuns the Snatcher and catches the sword as he drops. Scabior wheels.
Release me, woman!
Hideous.
Foul little git. Least we’ve got Bogrod. The dragon SPITS again, reducing Bogrod to dust.
You bloody fools! What were you thinking coming here? Do you have any idea how dangerous it is -HARRY You’re Aberforth. The room goes quiet.
Excuse me. But would someone tell me: what’s a bloody diadem?
Shut up, Seamus.
Who’ve you got in
Don’t be a prat.
WHAT’RE YEH DOIN’
You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry; the Horcrux he never meant to make.
NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH! Mrs. Weasley pitches her cloak, wand raised. ROARS with laughter at sight of her.
The ... Bolt-Cutters. Nux can't get over these girls.
So many different kinds. The Volvalini nods.
So many different kinds. The Volvalini nods.
Best goddamned bartender from Timbuctoo to Portland Maine - Portland Oregon for that matter.
Women!  Can't live with 'em.  Can't live without 'em!
I haven't laid a hand on him. Goddam it, I didn't.  I wouldn't touch one hair of his goddam little head.  I love the little son-of-a- bitch.
And it was three goddam years ago. The little fucker had thrown all my papers all over the floor.  All I tried to do was to pull him up.  A momentary loss of muscular coordination.  I mean... A few extra foot pounds of energy, per second... per second.
Dick, how are you doing?  How's the weather down there?
Larry, just between you and me, we've got a very serious problem with the people who are taking care of the place.  They've turned out to be completely unreliable assholes. Ullman phoned me last night, and I'm supposed to go up there and find out if they have to be replaced.
Okay, Dick - I'll take care of it.
She's gonna be out there, man. Right there. Right there waiting.
Gonna walk out of this shitstorm and right into her arms.
Got us a motel out Highway 5, bringing her own damn sheets, you read that part? Silk damn sheets. Lock ourselves in the whole week, drinking wine, taking baths, man, see if they got those room service steaks... anything I want to do. Remember when she wrote that? Anything I want...
Shoulda written to that magazine, Rudy. I'm gonna walk outta here, walk right into a relationship. Not some one-nighter, man... a relationship. You? You're gonna walk outta here with bus fare. Searching for the drunkest skirt in the room.
Shoulda got yourself a girl.
Thought you hated Sidnaw.
Thought you hate your old man.
No, I'm through with that shit. Ashley's right. Gotta start doing something I got a stake in. Get a business going.
It's a roach, guy --
Where the hell are you going?
THIS MAN... has not had a cookie in two goddamn years! Get him two of everything!
No boyfriend of mine is going to walk around in negative-five degree wind chill without a goddamn good- looking coat!
No, lover. I'll see what you can do.
Hey. They got a shitload of cookies.
Watch your mouth, man. It's Christmas.
"Someday I'm gonna take you up by Lake S. Before I went in, before goddamn Millie, 'fore I had my situation, I used to work up at this casino, working security. Used to watch for people stealing chips, counting cards, getting piss-drunk, that kinda shit. Indian place, they hired this reject outta Vegas to run it, got about as much business sense as a buffalo patty. Anyways, it's a fun place to run some numbers and play."
That's the guy I was in with, I did my last ten months with him. He rode a two-year bit for manslaughter -- split a guy's skull open at a bar for harassing his girl. That's Nick Mason. He worked at that casino. He's the one who wrote her letters. Me, I'm a damn mechanic, my last job was a Quickie Lube, I did five for lifting cars. I don't know shit about blackjack, I don't know shit about Indians. I'm not him.
About the Tomahawk! What the hell do you want to know!
You wrote Ash that letter, you told her that story 'bout working Christmas Eve, bout how they'd send half the security guys home, nobody comin, in that night. And the rest of you got shit-faced drinking hot buttered rum. That a true story now?
If I'd told you what he wanted, you'd have been gone. You'd have gotten on that bus and stayed on it. And if that's selfish, I am. If that's lying, I'm a liar. But I been dealing with fucked-up brother and his fucked-up friends for a long time, and I was stronger than him then and I'm stronger than him now. 'Cause he showed up for money. I showed up for love.
Goddamn, Merlin. There any part of the day you don't smoke?
Take a look what Pug's bought for ya.
What kind of half-ass cowboy plays the slots?
Monster. If we're working together here, we gotta be working together. I can't walk in there looking like the Lone Fucking Ranger with ten bucks to throw down. You don't want me getting noticed, right? Not getting noticed costs a guy at least a couple hundred.
There's no snow in Vegas, 'kay? They don't know it, they don't want it, they got laws against the stuff. They got Egypt down there, right, they got Monte Carlo, Hawaii, they got ancient Rome, but where's the Winter Castle, right? Where's the Swiss miss Chalet? Where's the Big Fucking Igloo?
Where the hell's he going?
Where the hell's your sister?
Damn.
I been driving rigs a long time, Nick. Four, five million miles of road. Worked for people who wouldn't keep me on less I was driving fifteen hours a day. Tell 'em I needed sleep, I needed rest, shit, they'll hire someone else...
Pug.
Hell yeah.
Hard life being a trucker's girl.
My friend... wantcha to meet Millie Bobek. 'Member Millie Bobek, dontcha? My girlfriend fore I went in? Worked at that bar in Motor City, where I manslaughtered that guy? Hell. Didn't talk about her much once the Ashley letters started coming, I guess.
Millie here used to serve drinks to these gunrunning truckers, real big talkers, talking bout a real score one day. I was in the Mountain, man, what the hell, why not let her get friendly with 'em? Let her tell 'em an idea she had, 'bout writing guys in prison. Getting one who could show 'em a sure thing.
Jagshemash! It not me.
I want you to make a hotsie out of this notsie.
Tatti, a woman can own a business?
Finally, the time had come to deliver my daughter to the Vice Pussy-Grabber... EXT/INT. CONVENTION CENTER - DAY CHYRON: CONSERVATIVE POLITICAL ACTION CONFERENCE CPAC
Titty. Or breast.
Uh, absolutely not. The more people you bring in, the more germs come in. You cannot do that. The perverts have to be medical personnel. They have to be either a doctor or a nurse.
But my Tatti told me that. He tell me the truth.
I will have the biggest titties in the whole world.
But if I have enormous titties I don’t have to learn how to swim.
But I still had not found Tutar. And although my buddies were highly knowledgables, they didn’t know anything about womens.
I have a pain in my, uh, titties.
Maybe because you givin’ away your baby.
When I dressed like you do now, you threw me out of the house. I used to hate your short hair and your uptight suits... then I went ahead and married one... I went Yuppie and you became a hippie... Were still out of synch.
... And stay outta here.
Gotta keep in practice.  It's a dyin' art.
Got to let her warm up a bit. Hear that, Sam?  Just like a baby pussycat.
Nanook, stop breathin' on me.
Man, we totally annihilated his night-stalkin' ass!
Yeah, we think you're fucking awesome.
Jesus, you can't just come in like that.
You're not. You'll quit.
Please, I'm like Doc fuckin' Holiday.
God, you are so hot when you shoot, makes my willy hard.
They are legal citizens but many of them don’t speak English. They are very hard working. I have several families. Standing with the priest is a small group of Dominican people. They look desperate.
I’m gonna need new Reeboks.
We look like shit. INT. TOOTS’S HOUSE. Joy enters. Same scene as before. HSN is on. Kids are bored. Hi!! Hey mom/hi
Be careful with it. It’s real mink.
Wait a second these guys sold 36,000 potpourri holders!? Get the hell out of hereRONNIE Dante, with the chatter! Stop your lips from moving.
And fellas, this one is for us. Joy looks confused.
I’ve got pants for her.
Like those trees, we are all dying. The future is an illusion, our plans are an illusion, our fears an illusion. We live life in every breath. Eat, drink, fuck. Now. Every cup of tea. Every word we write... Every blossom we hold.
But ever yone around him wants you dead.
Ronin would be m y guess. Disgraced samurai doing odd jobs for his Nibs.
What if he just goes off to the mountains and becomes a damn sheep-herder or some such?
Happy Birthday, fellas!  Happy Birthday!
Mickey, what's the matter with you? You're all white!
Hey, you gonna start knocking my hobbies?  Jesus!
I ask you if you have something with a little puce in it, you gotta fly off the handle!
Oh, well, I cannot communicate with you!  I, you know, I never realized you were such a tightass.
...not like a career, 'cause I had my babies. But I woulda worked, for sure, if I didn't have this neck thing.
This isn't gonna get you laid, you know.
Whew! Goddamn, that's a heavy door.
I left a message. I've been dealing with that real estate thing. I was gonna write up a whole damn report and --
OH! So by that standard I should assume you never get laid.
Oh come on. I'm teasing. Who gives a shit...
And this shit is bad news. Look, my dad could build one of these plants blindfolded. I talked him through the files. I said how much Chrom 6 in the groundwater are we talking about over the years and he said, "Oh, by now, probably about three football fields long... four miles deep! Think about it...
Well, hell, I guess that's it, then, huh? They're scarred for life. They're gonna start holding up 7-Elevens any day now.
Hey, Ross. Tell me something. Does PG&E pay you to cover their ass, or do you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
People are dying, Ross. You've got document after document here, right under your nose, that says why, and you haven't said word one about it. I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night.
Damn right it is.
Well, goddamn it, Matthew -- Randy's mom doesn't work and Randy's dad didn't leave her, so figuring out who's gonna drive who to roller hockey every other week is a little easier over at Randy's house. Now get out of the car!
A few years back I was trying this airline case and I got my ass kicked by this guy -- he just smothered me in paper. Brutal. This guy was the toughest motherfucker I'd ever been up against. And it was Kurt Potter. When we got the PG&E decision from the judge, I called him and asked him to partner. He didn't hesitate.
'Scuse me, sir, you got a real nice ass, you know that?
Look! Just because she's not supporting three kids with no husband and no education, doesn't make her an idiot! Just because she dresses like a lawyer, doesn't mean she didn't work her ass off in law school and shit positions to earn her way.
But, I am really sorry, George... I feel like a shit about how I treated you and I'm... I'm sorry.
Our intelligence turns up wrong and suddenly we've got a bloodbath on our hands. Another Jason Wynn special screws the pooch.
Shuddup, ya cheese weasel.
That way no smartass would dare take you out. You know, an insurance policy. We wouldn't want to lose our point man just when the war's about to start.
No I don't, silly. These are my eyes. If I had Mommy's eyes, she'd be blind. Anyway, I fell over all these dumb balls.
Step back, kid ... you don't wanna get blood in your eyes.
What do you mean "never"? Do you know how long I've been working on this thing, you pansy-assed bacon crisp?! Clown puts his free hand behind his back and out of it grows a glistening da.r.kmagic blade. Clown angrily starts slinking towards Spawn.
Dad, your pits smell like burnt ass! Get off me! As Laser observes this male-bonding between father and son, we note a trace of longing on his face.
Uh huh.   Like in gay.
Like with a penis.
He's not a dick, that's just his way.
Hey now, don't go negative on your ass.
Whatever.
Don't be.    She's the one who wigged out.
You know what, Jules?! I like my wine! Okay? So fucking sue me! And fyi, red wine has a chemical called Resveratrol in it, which has been proven to significantly extend human lifespan!
Hey Paul, look at these cukes... 86.
Jesus, Paul! I'm gay!
You've got some balls, mister!
Thanks. Goddamn thing. You going to the Belle?
Yeah but Gat Men pull up in them, they get respect.
When the TK mutation started appearing in the general populace it was on every magazine - âNext Step in Evolution, what's next.â Everyone got tested. But turns out this was it, and now it's just a bunch of assholes thinking they're blowing your mind by floating quarters.
Packing your blunderbusses?
No shit? The door at the bottom of the stairs opens, and ZACH, another looper, steps out. An OLDER MAN'S HAND pats his shoulder then retracts into the door. The loopers watch him in awe.
So in five, ten years you're back to riding the rails, or worse you're like Kid Blue, working as a gat man, wagging your dick at loopers and roughing up shop clerks for payoff money.
You know why they call that pea shooter a blunderbuss? Cuz it's impossible to hit anything farther than 15 feet, and impossible to miss anything closer. A gun for fuck up turkeys. Not like a gat. A gat has range. Accuracy. His gun spinning gets fancier. His gun meaner looking than Joe's blunderbuss, long and slim and chrome.
You know, you don't know, the movies you're dressing like were copying other movies. Goddamn 20th century affectations, do something new. Put a glowing thing around your neck or use... rubberized..
Shit. Old Joe turns to go, but STOPS when his eye catches movement between parked cars. It's Joe. Young Joe, hid between the cars, looking up at the apartment building weighing his options.
No not - exactly - I don't want to talk about time travel shit, because we'll start talking about it and then we'll be here all day making diagrams with straws. It doesn't matter.
Shit. Joe's blunderbuss hacks another shot, and the window behind Old Joe explodes. Old Joe makes his break, sprints for the broken window, jumps...
No fuck no fucking piece of shit CLICK CLICK. The Kid and the Gats closing in, and just the moment that Kid Blue lays his hands on the back of the bike the engine turns over with a ROAR. The back of the bike kicks up, heat and air blasts from the open slats beneath, blowing Kid Blue back on his ass. The bike HOVERS a few feet off the ground. Joe roars off into the corn. The Kid is on his feet running back to the Gat Men.
Get off my farm.
Eight, you said? Boy? And your husband. Just gotta, check in. With the home office. This goddamn thing.
Now if you promise not to wag your gun at my shoe rack I'll show you upstairs then show you the fuck out. She storms up the stairs. A little cowed, Jesse holsters his gun and follows her. The water from the bucket flows in a small stream across the room, and into a drain hole under the hamper.
Saw him on the porch. I drove up crying and I had been at a party in the city when I got the call, I was wearing this ridiculous party dress. All my ridiculous shit. I don't know if he remembered me, but he looked at me. I abandoned him. I abandoned my baby.
Guys, am I missing something here? We know his damn code, right? You're telling me with that much information we can't find a way into this freak's house?
Somebody must know this bloke's name.
She hated everybody.
Dig who's just come over.  The creep on the end.
Il est en retard.
Toy wit' this will ya.
You're kiddin'
All right, you three clowns step into those phone booths, you're goin' in.  Go on.  Stand in there till I'm ready for you.
Hey man, why don't you let the fella alone.
You don't use shit?
You couldn't burn a three-time loser with what you're bringing in here.  You know you stiffs could run yourselves an entrapment rap. The guy has done nothing -- Brooklyn is full of Candy Store guys with two cars who like to go to nightclubs.
We got information that there's no shit in the street -- it's like a desert full of junkies with a big score coming in to make everybody well.
Whatta you got?
Best I ever seen was The Rock.  He was the calmest and the meanest. Guys like Sugar'd be pukin' before a fight.  Jake LaMotta'd be pukin'. Marciano was calm like he was goin' to church.  What about the night he fought LaStarza?  He hit him so hard he broke the blood vessels in LaStarza's arms.  He was the strongest meanest bastard ever lived.
I been damn careful up to now.
I'm straight, Joel.  They haven't got shit on me.  Look, I'm tellin' you, he'll take the deal somewhere else.
The Westbury?  Balls.  I got him down at the subway at Times Square. What the hell's goin' on?  I make him coming right out of the hotel free as a bird.  Not a soul awake.
This fella Nicoli's got a record in France, Walter.  He's wanted for questioning in the murder of a French cop.
Mmmmm.  That bastard who followed me on the subway, he's the eager one.
Let's him 'em.
Well shit, you do, don't you? By god, I stole your line! Knew I'd heard that somewhere!
Aw Christ, Pammy...
Aw cripes, say you'll do it.
OK, three times! Sheesh. And I'll send a stinkin' telegram, too.
Key's like a stinkin' credit card.
Well get the heck outta there!
Baroo-baroo, let's get this party started you mother-rubbers!
Aw shit. I was sorry as hell to hear about Lemke's passing up there. That guy was tits as a rep. Course he thought I was a big, loud asshole-- s'pose he wasn't too far off there. No boy, a real tragedy.
Well. I don't know about you wingnuts, but the Deanzie could use a drinkzie. What say we blow off the welcome hoo-ha and hit Horizons for happy hour. Two-for-one cocktails, 10 cent wings, and an all-you-care-to-eat pussy buffet!
You want a nipple with that?
Ach, I'm busting your balls. You don't get out much, do you buddy?
What the heck is going on here?
Fuck yeah!
Fuck yeah. But we didn't get to finish our little confab back at the bar. I figured some shit out.
Well hear this: After you left the bar, Mike Pyle comes up to me-- Pyle of shit, I call him-- and he asks do I want to sign this thing. And I go, "Lemke might have been a class-A deviant, but the guy was tits as a rep..."
So can you fly me back to the hotel, Insurance Man? I'm freezing my arse off.
What a gyp. There are no stinkin' clues in here.
Hell yeah.
Whoa, shit's tight... Like maybe it has to do with your parents both dying? Like, maybe by protecting other people-- it's like you're trying to save your parents. Like somehow you feel like it's your fault? Like in your sub-conscience?
Nice tits.
Least them crackers back yonder seemed to buy it.
Fuck yeah Timbo!
Well, you're outta here, Lippe.
Ach, I'm too old to give a shit.
Werewolf, my ass. A thought suddenly strikes him.
We've made the rounds twice. And believe me, the boys here would'a went ape-shit if anything had even gotten near that fence. Kahn digests this, checks his watch. KAHN
everybody wants to fuck Princess Leia, right?
cut the shit Charlie, it's me Cutter.
Whatever, scream all you want.
Oh yeah and her titties were bouncing around and she kept on spinning around the bull.
in front of the whole place.
balls.
Get your hands up,
Ah Sheriff Wydell, come t"o visit infamous patient? Holy shit,
Hoss, I think I'm beginning to understand.
You know what? Let's bullshit.
You see, Hoss ...
give a shit about parking tickets •.. it's about some movie characters ... Marx Brothers to be exact.
Hey, I'm here ain't I. So if you got a problem with my time frame you best spit it out now, boy.
Charlie's a good kid. Where do you get off talking shit about Charlie? You hardly know the guy.
get all crazy with you none.
he look like?
Ass!
ass.
Well, don't just stand there like a stone foot rooter in fuck farm. Come on in! We got to celebrate!
Yeah, Bubba's a good kid. He won't cross me. He's dWllb as shit, but he's cool.
did you call ass hauled
think he got the message. Kitties like eyeballs.
They belong to my little girl. Can't sleep without her bumby.
Man, you sure beat it, don't you? Squirrelly ol' wino layin' out there in the west 40, nobody sees you 'til kingdom come -- I pick you up and what do you do?  Rag me.
Nuthin.'
I don't want to get laid, ma'am. I just want my buddy.
All right, you like these damn bars?!  Then you can live in these damn bars!
No daughter of mine's going to hang around these bars.
Driver of the Month!  Twenty new damn accounts!
I seen cars like that boil by on the way from Reno to Vegas when I was a little kid.  I'd be cleanin' out the goddam tar heater while my father was layin' road for them to drive by on, and now I've got one!
I'm getting her a Barbi. You can get her Ken.
I'm a goddamn good driver ---
I'm a goddamn good driver.  I'll bet you.
'Pack up all my cares and woes Singin' lowGuilty will be the least of what you feel when I run my rig into one of these god damn no name islands! Get me well here!
Right now...there's some bozo sitting on his yacht at those coordinates they gave us, sipping his scotch and soda...totally unawares that we are about to deliver 500 kgs of high power torpedo to light up his ass...that's what's down there in that hold and who knows what the hell else...
Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of destination. I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do, and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone. I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed.
You little weasel!
When I was a little bit of a pissant we lived down the road from where all the big cruise ships used to come into Sydney harbor...
Will you check it the hell out!!
Man this shit is cold!
On shit!
Boat or no boat... You woulda come back anyway. You're that kind of gal.
You O.K.?
Life takes the damndest turns, doesn't it?
Oh shit!!Score an ID on this leech?
You got him on the run, dude!
You are awesome, man.    I hate you.
I-beem, go for help.      Zap your butt out of here.
Yo, s'up?     Eh... X-Net rules, man.
Yow. I get tired just watching these dudes.
Ah, these guys are wimps.
Hey, jerk, she doesn't do your dirty work. Neither do I. Not anymore. You lied to me, to all of us. You want to deal with somebody? I'm the guy who crashed X-Net.
The famHicsare looking up at him.
If you wallcout of here, you'll sleep on the third floor!
Twn that thing offi
0 thetfane.
Why don't you shut up'? PETER
Have a'plcasantday.
Be careful with Lhat.
You want to shut up, Marv?
Good luck. little fella. They tum and head back toward 59th Street.
Damn...
That I got te:irsin my eyes.
He·s dumbstrock.
My name is Dex.  And I'll be saving your ass this evening.
And this little hellion is Abigail Whistler.
Joke.  Come on, man.  This isn't some piddly little hoopty-ass operation, Blade. We take our jobs very seriously.
You know the kind of woman that just screams trouble? You see her and every warning bell in your brain starts going off but you still ask for her number? Well that's all I ever hook up with.  But this betty blew 'em all away in the shitstorm sweepstakes.
The neanderthal behind them is Jarko Grimwood.
And he was pissed.
We've got a wide assortment of ass- kickery for your viewing pleasure --
Shut up, King.
Back off, pooch --
You're the Nome King.
It's in my left ass-cheek --
Which means that the fat lady should be singing right about --
Better get the eggheads to work.
Captain, you better come quick ..• it's Jerkins! 19
Jerkins!
Yes, Jerkins .•• we're still listening. 23
There is a long pause.
Stow that crap.
Fuck you.    No way.
just jack-assin' with you, pirate. Great to meet you. How you doing?
Listen, I'm pretty sure she wants to discuss the will. She won't tell us dick, so we're kind of hoping you can grease the wheels.
Don't start that shit now. You're looking at one lucky old broad who's done a lot - skydiving, rollerderby, colored fellas. I got no complaints. So when the check comes I don't want any blubbering or bullshit outta you. Just enjoy your life like I did mine and raise a glass to your old Grammy once in a while.
Oh, fuck yeah! Kirk's Grandma was the shit.
She's with God now, buddy - and you just know she's bustin' his balls.
Dude, you said Marnie was out of your league and let's face it, Marnie's kinda nasty.
Dude, you can do a hell of a lot better than her.
You don't know. Technology and shit. You might go to the moon.
Good advice there friend. Your boy ain't got a prayer with that chick.
So here's this little old lady trying to go through security with six pounds of weed in her girdle!
You need a cock-shaped cake with a cotton-candy bush delivered by four o'clock? I'm your connection.
Nothing. The fat chick seems great. You never know, bro, that fat chick could wind up being the love of your life.
Yeah, that ref is like a total blindo, man.
Come on, Molly. Just give me a chance, eh.   I'm a great guy - ask any of these assholes.
But he drives a shit box so we gotta deduct a point for that.
Perfect! Willy is having another kick ass of a day.
Well, let's spitball it a little. You've got dick for money so she's no gold digger. Oohh! Did you ever see Double Indemnity?
It's about time, numbnuts.
Okay, my name is Stella Edith Dakin and if you're watching this, I'm dead as a doorknob and I ain't spent all my money yet. I got shit to do today so I'm going to get right to it. This is my last will and testament and if you miss anything the old Jew's got the paperwork. Okay, here's the deal...
Anyway! I love all of you, despite some of the shit you pulled, but I spent my life a gambler and I always put my money on the best bet. The odds of any of you fish doing anything worthwhile with my stack are slim to none. So old Grammy's going all in on Big Slick.
So Kirk owes money!? HA! Shit, man! That is God damn hilarious!
Damn, man!     That chick is fine!
No thanks fellas.
So, you're telling me you were sitting there, a sweating, quivering stutter-bucket and when you came back from the can, Molly's hugging a guy who's so good looking you'd probably fuck him. What do you think she's doing this weekend?
I promise I won't mention her goiter.
Book a band, blow up a few balloons and people pay out the ass for it.
A little!? Are you shitting me? Alright, alright! I think we can all agree that Debbie here is one wicked hot box.
I think this gal is messing with my little brother and I'm not going to sit still for it.
Well, I understand that fellas like yourself tend to have uniquely candid relationships with the women they befriend. Am I right?
Nice try pervert!
My friends! Whassup Bitches!
Hey, if that chick has a dick, I'll suck it!
Kirky! Hold up, man! What are you doing!? You can't let her screw up your life!
Yeah, but he's a cheese-dick.
Look at me Big Slick.
You gotta let me save you this time. It's my turn! Your grandma didn't leave you three million bucks so you could take these a- holes to Branson.
Whoa! All due respect there, Big Shot. How would you know? You had all that shit when you bagged the big ones.
I'm causing trouble?! You're a pain in the butt! You newshounds've been after me and my folks ever since I won that dumb contest. I'm just sixteen, you know? Who the hell cares what I think?
Okay. Good tits. Can't we show them off a little more?
Oh Dick...
Anyway, I didn't want to be next, so I skipped town; came down here to work for some big-wig. Tail and nail job.
Shit. I meant the other way around.
The hell you will, Harry York.
Hot damn!
Goodbye, Dick.
She's a tramp from Newark.
God damn it, Clifford, will you shut up! I tell you, I want to give these things! I want to give them to the audience, and I can give them, I will give them, so shut up!
Yeah, and you look at people and you wonder who the hell they are, what's going on inside their heads. Sometimes you can hear it, like a buzzing, the things that happen in their heads. And you wonder: does anybody ever love anybody, really?
Dr. Symington, how big is your dick?
You got the wrong guy. Name's Slocum.
See, you’re a nice guy. You never say shit like that.
I don’t know. Literally anything else. Fucking... McDonalds. They reach the lockers along the wall that houseTHE DEEP SEA DIVING SUITS. Paul and Rodrigo carefully remove suit after suit from the locker. They are WHITE and look almost like ARMOR. Multi-jointed like an action figure, designed to withstand enormous amounts of pressure. The helmets are a fist-thick of glass all the way around. They are like a fishbowl, except for a large metal rim that run across it vertically on the sides. These are fixed with lights. And also, there are only six left.
Poor Paul. You have a great ass.
I'm sorry. They don't pay me enough to give a shit about belts.
Stars, man. I just wanna lay on the grass and stare at the stars and name them and just, fucking, thank them for being stars. They agree.
I have a night light. No shit.
Shut up, Paul. Dude. Dude. This is blowing my mind.
I don’t think pessimism exists where we are. You’d need neutral to have pessimism. We don’t have that. We have nothing but... bullshit.
Oh shit. Respect is back!
You look like the fucking Pac-Man ghost. There is obviously no response. Nothing but silence. It’s oddly humorous, Norah and this thing, out for a walk. Norah keeps looking towards it, like she wants to start a conversation but doesn’t know how.
Holy shit! Tiffany!
Oh my gosh, I totally said that. No shit!
I know you and Smith have a thing. He’s going to need you. I know you have parents and a brother and your parent’s dog is named Megabyte. I know you are kind and good and you have books to write and covers to be on, and I... I don’t have that. I don’t even know if there’s a fucking world left up there after all of this, but I know that no matter what happened, the world is better off with you in it. So I’m going to shut this pod, and you’re going to get out of here and I can feel so good that I helped my friends. That’s all I want right now. Deal? Tiffany is crying. Before she can answer-Just a minute there, fella. When I'm done with this lady --
I had a gal do that to me, but that didn't make her my wife.
'Fraid not, Sheriff. These other fellas started the ruckus.
There are three strangers in this room, traveller, and these gents you are accusing aren't them.
Now let's talk about you chaps.
After the war my family worked a little piece of land near Savannah for a while. But the way it was down there then... well, they made it hard every way they could. Finally my daddy figured the promised land was out this direction. By that time I was so sick of farming, I didn't want to touch another hoe ever. I wouldn't come with 'em. My daddy took it pretty hard. Him, my ma, and my little sister headed out without me. They've got a little place south of Silverado. I guess they've done okay. Good enough anyway so that when my ma wrote me last time, she said they needed my help to work the place. That was almost nine months ago she wrote. Letter took a while to find me, but when it did, it was just the right time.
Nifty.
That ain't the half of it, friend.
Don't fall off of there, you fools!
Shut up, Swann.
This is my post! And these are the post's provisions. Now get your ass off that wagon and help me unload.
We have no rifles. White men are sure to have rifles.
I think this white man is probably lost.
They are coming into everyone's country. They will soon be in ours I think. This white man who lives at the old soldier fort, the one who calls himself loo ten tant... I have visited him and I believe his heart is a good one. He knows things about the whites which we do not.
I cannot make the white man talk. Loo ten tant does not know Sioux.
They look like Pawnee... my father and your father are talking to them.
Kicking Bird has business with the white man. Let him do it.
Kicking Bird wants to know why you want to make war on the Pawnee. They have done nothing to you.
They are Sioux enemies.
I like to make the white man talk.
You men! Get back to your places.
It's computer voice recognition. The system can call you any time day or night. If you don't answer within five rings, the police come and haul your ass off.
No. I'm a publicist. My job is what other people think of you, not what you think of yourself. So pull your shit together. I am thisclose to getting Christine Walsh to do your piece in Parade.
Out of the world. In the world. Out of the world. Look at me, I'm dancin'!
I know. Whenever I see them, and I always feel like, damn...
Puggies!
I've always been obsessed with nuns. They're sort of like God's fag-hags.
Shit.   Like a ghost?
Sort of like, "Here's our new shit. Like it?"
I wasn't sure, but I think I saw a picture of you in some videogame magazine my boyfriend had. You're, like, the shit.
he look like?
Homes, you got fourteen different tells. Motherfucker, You are William Tell. one of them sings
Mr Hamed? We gotta split. There bunch
It's a bloodbath. How'd you make out this quarter John? Ya take a beating?
That damn dam .
guys got paid to watch my ass. Radway reaches forward, picks up the burger and in one bite, demolishes three quarters of it. He chews, crams in the rest, and chews for a bit. He swallows. Gulp.
This guy's
What the fuck is this? JASMINE
Translation? She bips
a whole new woman.
What the hell happened down there, Worf?
Where the hell are they going?
You're an entertaining man, Mister Picard. But you're also full of shit.
Yeah but I’m not a fucking academic, I’m not elitist about this shit. I’m not trying to make a movie movie for the three people people in in my media media studies studies class that I respec respect. t. I’m filmmaker.
But not everything I do is political because I’m black.
So stop. It makes you sound like an asshole.
With your little glass of club soda and cranberry, smiling and chatting it up... I’d think to myself... He kisses all the way down her spine to her ass.
And hold your cute little ass
The film is beautiful. I’m proud of you. It took forever to make and it was fucking fucking to tough. ugh. But I’m curiou curious s about one thing? Do you think it’d be as good as it is, if we weren't together?
Self doubt is the key. Self-doubt is what will make you great. The second you start thinking you know what you’re you’re doing. doing. That you’re you’re great. You’re brilliant. That there’s no possible way you could make a piece piece of of shit... shit...
What are you saying, Malcolm? That I was brilliant as CONCERNED NURSE #2 and SKINNY GIRL IN ALLEY? That I had a future in this biz?
That there is someone on this fucking planet who just loves you. Loves your broken, disturbed, junkie fucking ass enough that I willingly willingly want to be be with with you. you. Want Want to love you. Want your opinion not because I need it but because I’m curious. Because I like the way your brain works. Because I want to know how you see the world. What you think. That I value you. Your opinion. Your love. Your instincts. And I’m grateful. Because everything you’ve been through made you, you. The woman I love. The woman
Made at a time when politics weren’t weren’t cool. cool. And that’ that’s s what what made made it fucking revolutionary. He goes back to reading.
I’m a ho?
By the six hundred trillion choices not made, due to an intangible and purely hypothetical assessment of one’s identity... But rather, the choices actually fucking made.
Here’s the difference, I’m not lugging my balls around this house bragging about the places they’ve been... I don’t need to know all the the details.
Look at me, I’m the last fucking person standing. I’m the last fucking person to say up your fucking game. And if not for me, for your work. Because being a human being, and living life, is the thing can inform as aonly writer, asthat a director as you someone whose wish it is to spend their life interpreting life.
If this is a fucking movie, I’m your last hope. I’m the person you grab onto and hold onto for dear life. That’s what we’ve been for one another. That’s who I am for you and you’ve been for me. Since the day we met. Since the day I overdosed in the market. Since the day you drove me to rehab, and since the first time I read your script... about me... About our relationship. About how drugs were destroying my ability to love you and your ability to love me. A long beat. She gets emotional.
You need a nybody? A beat,
Workin' this old power company in Oregon. Bottom floor was flooded . I'm down there creepin' along -- water's up to my knees. Part of the wall gives way. Somebody yells , "Oh, shit•, and this big nasty cable comes floppin' do""11 through the hole. One end of it hits the water, and whammo ! I wake up 3 weeks later, I'm in intensive care, my hair's gone.
Out steps Nada. Sunglasses back on! Into the street. Cautiously scans the area. 2 . 38 revolvers stuck in his belt. He cocks the shotgun -- looking like your wars: fucking nightmare!
I've come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass and I'm all out of bubble gum.
Beaten to death.
Beaten to death.
Goddammit, Will.  You grab on to something and you don't let it go.
He has to be a prick, Fred.  He's a great detective.
We just gotta catch the bastard, right?
Goddammit, Byrd!
He was an asshole.
I'm sittin' up watchin' Angie Dicki.nson and this maniac almost drives right through the ~rent door. Jack helps JBert locate
He'll Mary listens
Who the hell is Lucy?
You don't look like niln, he's handsome.
Shemp.:
What, you're two timin'
Quit complaining. Lucy looks his butt.
Jesus. Jack
What are.you
sorry, hell, you're the the party.
No, shit you look amazing. We were saying you couldn’t be more than 40. Damn, you’re lucky. I’m like an old lady already. What’s your name? Leda. Neda? Leda. Leda what?
You know...you can be very thoughtless. That is my doll. You can’t treat her like shit.
No? Sea urchin? They come in those purple, beautiful shells? I’d fill them up with cotton balls and send them out to Philly for their birthdays...I’ll look out for some for your girls.
But I’m glad we’ve established you’re full of shit. Norval slumps in his armchair. Brian finishes his whiskey.
The hunchback.
Yep, just another bullshit night at the motel, basically. Yawn!
You bastard... Jethro picks up the RECEIPT SPIKE. Precious gasps -PRECIOUS Oh, Hell no... Jethro takes a deep breath, psyching himself up.
You wanted by the law or somethin'?
Hey, butt out, chicken liver.  I gave him back his wallet, didn't I?
If that punk and his pals decide to search ya, you'll never fool 'em carryin' it there.
Ain't no hard guy in the world gonna frisk ya there.
Sorry, Hooker.
All right.  Better get on the phone to New York.  See what the big mick wants to do about it.
Goddamn, Johnny Hooker, you're a sharp hunky in them linens.  If you wasn't so pale, I'da sworn you had class.
The bastard.  He can blow his nose all the way.
I checked the place out.  There weren't no dicks in there.
You're a smart egg, Hooker.  No use dyin' for 2 grand.
Goddamn you, Luther, will you get up?
You think I'm wearin' this rag here 'cause I like it?  Christ, everybody thinks life's a holiday or somethin' when you got a badge.
Think nothin' of it.
You Hooker?
Glad to meet ya, kid.  You're a real horse's ass.
Billie, if that Dick comes in again, stall him till I can get a look at him.  And let me pay ya for these beers.
Keep your mitts off me, ya big lug. If I'da wanted you handlin' me I woulda asked ya.
He was a tear-off rat.  He got what he deserved.  No sense helpin' pay his bills.
Don't worry about it, pal.  Lemongan here wouldn'ta let you in the game if you weren't a chump.
Nothin'.  They gotta be outa there early.  I'm gonna bust that bastard in one play.
Show this bum out.
It's foolproof.  We got a partner downtown runs the central office of the Western Union.  Race results from all over the country come in there and go right across his desk on their way to the bookies. All he does in hold them up a couple minutes until he can call us and get a bet down on the winner.  Then he releases the results to the bookies and we clean up on a race that's already been run.  It can't miss, unless the Western Union Dicks get onto it.
You just won't learn, will ya. Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.
Sure.  Every bunco man in the country knows Gondorff.
Cause the stoolies are used to street dicks jumpin' him. If word gets around that Feds are in on it too, Gondorff'll fold up the whole thing.
You got nothin' on me.
Look, I got nothin' against you, but you're in trouble here.  All you gotta do is tell us when Gondorff's gonna play his chump. We come in at the sting, make the pinch, and you walk out free as a bird.  No questions, no court appearance, nothing.
'Course Chicago was a right town then.  The fix was in.  The dicks took their end without a beef.  All the Wall Street boys wanted to make investments for us.  Even had marks looking us up, thinkin' they could beat the game.
I appreciate your stickin' your neck out.  I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.
All right, Hooker, you can go.
Nice con, Hickey.  I thought you were Feds myself, when you first came in.Well, how would any woman feel about some tart who steals her man? Reporters furiously writing, more flashes EXPLODE.
Just as serious as you're hung over.
Mr. Putnam phoned. He says there's fella coming from London. Hilton Railey.
Depends on your point of view. I've been listening to some idiot brag about his girlfriend. Still walking.   She never looks at him.
Hell yes.
Have I told you what a perfect job ou did on the peonies? They're miraculous.
Good reaction, cutting the switch. You saved our ass. She doesn't even hear, THROWING open the cockpit, WAVING to signal they're all right, we SMASH CUT TO...
ire than anyone knows.
You've studied for Christ's sake.
...No... No. You look great, doll. Guess I better haul ass.
Out of Yonkers?
It'd be funny, if they weren't talking about so much damn money.
You're damn right!
Nah, nah, that's not it. I can tell. She looks too tough. Tough and female and adequate as hell.
She did it to herself, Shep.Most people are just talkers. All they got is talk. But when all's said and done, it is the doers who change the world. And when they do that, they change us. That's why we never forget them...So, which one are you? Do you just talk about it? Or do you stand up and do something about it? Because believe you me all the rest of it is just coffee house bullshit.
Smecker hand picked her? Aw, man. This brawd's gonna be a nightmare.
Whoa, whoa, "fuck?" This isn't a "fuck" situation, is it? I can see a "God Damn" or two but why skip all the way to "fuck" right off the bat? Let's start slow and work our way up to it.
It is because I am so fucking smart that I make smart people feel like retards. Now, we seem to be getting off on the wrong foot here. I'd appreciate a bit of cooperation. Let's chalk it up to paying respect to the memory of a dearly departed mutual friend. A man who taught me everything I know.
You think I don't know that each one of you's been waking up in night sweats over this the last couple years? These sons of bitches prison fucked us with no lube, wiped their dicks on our drapes and walked away! And we been living in silent fear ever since. Oh, we don't talk about it. Rape victims often don't. But it's there. Knowing they're still out there, somewhere. Thinking...what if?
Yeah. These guys are always dyin' their hair. You know, like in "The Fugitive." It's covert and shit.
California, surfer boy, gay, gay blonde?!
I'm gonna let you have that one. Look. I can do this. It's not rocket science. You two find bad guys doing bad shit and you kill them, right?
Look, I been stone walling the media on this thing but the Mayor's been riding me like a rented mule here. I got half of New England thinking the Saints whacked a priest and the other half thinking their innocent. Its a powder keg. I'm talking riot gear at Celtics games, here. I could clear them of this murder, take the piss right out of this thing, keep the peace in the Commonwealth. Gimme one good reason why I shouldn't go public right now.
This brawd, trying to put a feather in her cap is gonna get us locked up.
It's been all over the papers the last two years. Yakavetta's in bed with the Chinese. They're using international shipping routes to smuggle it in. This is Little Yaka's shit.
Hey! I hail from a colorful people. Besides, you wouldn't know style if it pitched a tent in your ass!
Don't worry, Rome.   Shit like this builds character.
I didn't notice you throwin' out any ideas, ya creative asshole!
Sound as an Irish pound, Doc.
You know what this is? This is our hide out, man! We got a hide out!
Yeah. There's a lot of stuff you don't know, Hoss. For instance, why aren't you safely tucked away in some ivory tower with all the other big wigs, sucking on cannoli and shrimp cocktail? Why are you the one he left on the streets, George?
By the by, you got a pretty nice ass for a fat man.
Word is, Yakavetta's gunning for you boys hard. The whole city's on edge. I even heard he posted a reward like Jesse James style and shit. Any of his guys that take you out gets his palm crossed, two hundred and fifty grand.
Oh! Like the Roman Empire in here! Where's all the concubines and shit?
Push the talk button, numb nuts.
Whoa!  Whoa! Whoa! Holy shit!
Viva La Mejico, bitches!
Easy fellas. I'm alone.
Yakavetta's hiding from these Jesus Freaks and making us look like pussies.
Ah. Easier uttered than accomplished. The North End and the South End may as well be the Hetfields and the McCoys. These fellas...they just don't get on.
Yakavetta's lost control of the streets.
...even though our new bass player's kind of a retard.
Guess that makes you a cowgirl, eh? Thanks. Saved our asses.
In fact, we could use a few extra hands...that is if you fellas can still get yer Irish on.
Aw, Jesus.
Out with it! What the hell's the matter with ya?
You ready fer dis shit, my dear brother?
Each one of you is to stick to the guy that called you here like glue. You arm yourselves to the teeth, pick your own crews. These bible banging psychos will make an attempt. It's your job to blow their souless hearts out of their chests.
It's ridiculous! Probably based on some stupid shit ya saw in a movie! And here I am AGAIN all tyin' myself up with rope! What is the deal with you and rope?! Honestly!
The "Eiger Sanction," Clint Eastwood! And it worked like a fucking charm for him!
And you can count on it like the U.S. mail. Through rain, sleet, hail or snow...something always seems to go wrong for these poor sons o' guns.
One thang I'm gon guarantee ya...
Whup ass fajita?
You saw this fella?
Yeah, professional moron.
Hold your damn horses!
Why the hell not?
Let me tell you something, asshole. I've been working six years trying to bring down Jimmy Serrano and Mardukas is my shot. I want to take him into Federal Court.
Yeah, Joey. Back off, for Christ sakes.
I love you. Jack, goddamnit! I really do!
Well, I was thinking. After I turn your ass in and collect my money, I want to open up a restaurant.
How could I put him on you? I don't even know where the hell you are! Jack, you still got the Duke or what?
There's these guys, see? They've probably been up for two days. So, they stink of B.O., have coffee breath, and they're constipated and have hemorrhoids from sitting on their asses for so long.
Goddamn, Jack. You did it!
That Fed took my cigarettes.
Arizona plates. Do I know my shit or what?
Hey, look I'm sorry about what happened back at the Western Union office. You can imagine my embarrassment when I found out who you were. I didn't mean to hit you. It was just one of those things. You know. Like a spur of the moment. You know I'd never pull any shit like that.
Slight change of plans. Now I want two million dollars. I read the newspapers, ya know. This guy got you for fifteen million. So I figured he's gotta be worth at least two to ya. You can't play me for a chump.
In the neighborhood of three hundred thousand.
I know he had his faults, he could be a massive arsehole. But I miss him. We all do.
I know he had his faults. He could be a massive arsehole, but I miss him. We all do.
Thank God for the gays!
Come on let’s go. Who wants to do maths at a festival? Let’s get shitfaced.
Bridge, I thought you should know, after Tom dropped out, Giles asked Mark to be the godfather, the prick.
Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. A roiling sea of smug-marrieds and their offspring fill the pews. Shazzer and the kids duck into a pew, leaving Bridget to run the gauntlet, tottering down the aisle to the font where the christening party is waiting for her. The baby is crying.
I have to say Bridget, I’m actually excited about this next guest. Relevant, relatable and extremely fuckable. Good work. 85
OK...Let’s go to the Grampians where Adam Wollaston is leading a group of Venture Rangers to the top of Ben Nevis. CUT TO - A group of Venture Rangers all showing their bare arses to camera.
I’m not sure there is much to gain from you being at the coal face, if I’m honest. My ex-husband said it was like watching his favourite pub burn down. Another huge scream.
Imagine you're the manager of a big store like this and the union reps have been busting your balls. What do you do?
You couldn't know what, asshole? Foued runs to warn Martial, Khadi and Cousin that something is wrong. When Martial arrives, he sees Stephanie collared by a bouncer three times her size. She lashes out with one of her canes, while under the bar, another bouncer tries to help the blond guy back to his feet. There's a deep gash on his skull. Cousin comes to give the bouncer a hand.
You think so? Where the hell do you live? Doc doesn't get Sal's wit.
You gotta excuse me, Doc. I'm shit for names.
Hell yeah you do.
I wouldn't shit you, you're my favorite turd. 3
I'm a fuckin businessman, of course
You're a fuckin' inspiration.
The dude was a world-class drinker, gambler and cocksman. Shhhh.
I think he's makin' this shit up just for us. Reverend Mueller eventually finishes his sermon, looking closely at his two visitors... a long judgemental look. An echoing of Amens rolls wall to wall.
What the hell did you do with Mueller the Mauler, preacher? He in the witness protection program or something? Where're you keepin' him?
Aw, shit, Doc. Why didn't you say anything earlier?
Listen here, Doc, I'm sorry for your loss, but I ain't gonna blow a bunch of smoke up your ass. The worst thing that can happen to anybody has landed on you, and now you got to deal with it.
Never knew that was your name. ever go by Richie? Dick?
Change lanes. Get over. Sal gets pissed.
You them dudes?
Me and Shepherd and three other dudes were all day humping school supplies. Tablets, pencils, some new books. It was our last run, pissed-off mode, sand down our throats and up our asses. One guy said he wished he was in the fuckin' Navy. We started dissin' swabbies, calling them chickens of the sea, shit like that. Then Shep says, my old man was a swabby, a medical corpsman, wound up with the Marines in 'Nam. I asked him how long he put in, and Shepherd says about five years, but a couple of them in the brig. Anyway, we was always stoppin' at this little store we called Abdul's Haji Mart for Haji Cokes. It was my turn to make the run but Shep said he'd do it. So he gets out and we're bullshitting. Then this raghead comes up behind him, shouts out Ala Akbar or whatever, you know, God is great, and then he puts a cap in Shep's head. This sinks in.
You quittin'?
Sixteen or sixty, put a dude behind the wheel of a big rig, got to feel like hot shit.
Why should I feel ashamed? This dude is white.
You're the one they call the Mullah? The what? Mullah.
It used to mean something. There used to be an esprit de corps, a unity, a well-earned pride, some goddamn common sense. I don't know what it means anymore.
Oh they're sorry. Sorry they didn't smoke our asses. A KNOCK on the door. They look at each other, like, what now? Sal eventually shrugs his shoulders and Doc cautiously opens the door. Mueller steps in and drops his bag. He stares down Sal. Sal gets off the bed he's been sitting on, Mueller's bed. He smooths it, and steps aside. Mueller lies down in his overcoat.
I don't give a fuck what they say. The Lance Corporal is ours. He's a Marine until he goes into the ground, and he remains a Marine for the period he is under the ground, plus one hundred years. I will not have three over-the-hill veterans pissing on my corps. Is that understood? Yes, sir!
There's going to be a mortuary affairs detail at every step of the trip. You will protect the dignity of that dead Marine, and see that he is buried with honors. In his uniform. Not in some pussy civilian graduation suit! Understood? Yes, sir!
Doc was a lot younger than us, a kid, and technically he was in the Navy. He wanted to be our friend and we took advantage of it. We'd done him a favor and now he was doing one for us. But then it all went to shit and someone had to take the fall. C'mon up with us for a while. Redman here will look after your friend.
Marine's gotta be willing to die on order.
We needed the shit.
Yielded to 'em? You smoked 'em, drank 'em, and fucked every impulse! Old Mueller the Mauler here would get the five dollars/ five minute special - he was like a jackrabbit. Sal makes a quick humping motion. Mueller fights a smile.
I got your dir'liction swinging, you old coot!
Dudes were tall before. They didn't go around hammerin' the ball through the hoop every time down the court. Ugly fuckin' shot and now they're stuck with it. Hangin' on the hoop, all that shit. Now, you take the fade-away jump shot; a man is covered, fenced away from the basket, he goes up, drops back, arcs that puppy over the defense. Beautiful. Elegant. Earl-the-Pearl skillful.
I don't know. Weird-ass A-rab names. Hugo and Queasy, like that.
After old Sal. I ever have a kid I'll name him after you, Dick. First he'll be little Dick, then he'll grow up to be big Dick.
As I recall, white dudes finally admitted having an eye for black women.
Pat Robertson is a complete phony.
Yeah. It means you did something. You served. Fuck what the politicians did, you served. You didn't weasel out of it. You didn't think it was somebody else's job. You took it on, man, and you looked sharp doing it.It’s just that you don’t want people to think you’re a slut on the first day of school.
Oh. Hey, do you mind if people think you’re a frosty bitch? PROFESSOR RAINEY, attractive and 35, walks to the head of the table wearing a smart sweater vest.
I’m Tate Rainey and I’m from Jacksonville, Florida. One of the hardest things I’ve overcome is that although my penis is straight, my ass is gay. The class shoots to attention. A few laughs trickle out.
Now roll those hips, you sex kittens! Let your breasts jiggle and focus on your core! Katie rolls her hips very sexually.
Where yuppy hippies go to die.
Me too. Shit. You can shower anytime before 7:30. Are you going to come into my room all the time?
Honey, nice girls don’t say vagina.
That website looks like shit. Scoot over.
I think the concept of my line is that it’s classic and oldfashioned. No trends. Like a nice black suit, it’s always in style. None of that crazy shit that’s online.
called to go out I thought ‘Fine, Lauren rarely leaves the house after 8:00PM, so I’ll go but I’m not going to sit through a bitch fest about Katie.’ Then, I arrive and find none other than you and Katie as fric and frac. You even have matching purses! I might have expected this from you
He’s so funny and nice. I call him Big Dick Boy.
Big Dick Boy? I like it!
So maybe the ladies weren’t as turned on by it as I would have hoped...Listen, I know it’s weird that I called a phone sex line. This only makes me more of a loser, but my high school girlfriend went to BU and I went to USC-- we had a lot of phone calls and, you know. After we broke up, it was just what I was used to. So I do it here and there when I’m lonely. And then there was you. And your line feels safe. Cause some of that shit out there is nuts. She winks and rolls a ball. She gets 20 points.
So, I was at the mall having Bourbon chicken with my sister when I was 13. She told me, don’t have sex in high school. Only sluts do that. Then, for your first time, just be in love. And after that, just have fun. And I was never...in love. Or no one was in love with me, I don’t know. I created this whole fake slut thing cause I was embarrassed, and it got so out of control. And now, men just expect it and I clam up and...I’m scared now. That I won’t be good at it.
Shut up, Starling...
This just came in, over the transom. Fella, works for a Plastic Surgeon, Argentina.  Look here:
Heresa file onnaguy, you got a meeting, the Palazzo Capponi, at four thirty.
That was something! That's hell and we've been there! Kicked old Nick's asshole.
I'm taking a drink over to the negroes in the barn.
You're skinny as a whippet, girl -- you're coming indoors with me.
I tried many a time, never saw a dickybird.
A slave woman, can you see that in this light? She's black as a bucket of tar.
So you reckoned to kill her.
How do you work this damn thing?
Get off my land.
You look at nature, a bird flies somewhere, picks up a seed, shits the seed out, a plant grows. Bird's got a job, seed's got a job.
That bastard Teague.
You do, Stobes! He means --
I'm laying on my back, with my fingers poked in my ears trying to shut out who's got a bag of diamonds and who's got boots needs polishing, If you want to get three feet up a bull's ass listen to what sweethearts whisper to each other.
I'll check it out. Mars slides out of the truck. He has a tattoo on the back of his tattoo that says: BURN IT. As soon as Mars is gone, Dennis frowns at Kevin -DENNIS Try to act cool, okay? you're a dick.
That woman's gonna call the cops.
Am I talkin' raghead?! I want your car! Gimme the goddamned keys! A strange smile flickers at the corner of Walter's mouth as if there's a joke within all this, then -WALTER The keys are on the wall by the garage. Take it. The tank's almost full. Dennis!
Whatever.
I gotta piss real bad. Dennis can't help himself; he laughs -DENNIS You're a funny guy, Talley.
You scared the shit out of me. I was looking for you. Dennis wants you to watch the monitors.
You'd better be kidding. Howell anxiously pushes the disk into his lap top -TALLEY I'm a cop, you asshole! What did you expect me to do? Pretend all this never happened? Howell stares at the lap top with the withering face of a man reading his own death sentence. There is nothing on this
Yes, I know. But I have to go if I want to get this deal done. I don’t want to have to sell anything else. Hutton is ripping a packet of sweetener open and he spills it on the counter. Shit.
Total Jerks.
Fuck you, baby.
It’s my understanding that these fellas didn’t have any guns. Tony looks down.
Are you afraid of looking these fellas in the eyes? Lettin them see you?
This fella? He don’t seem to understand. Lou, hey you. Is your name Lou?
You ever see this man before, Lou? Think carefully. You ever seen him? Lou is staring at Tony.
Aw come on man, you don’t need to take me in. I’m answering
Come on Ray, we got your record. We know about that girl in Lubbock.
It’s this fella called Jenks. He’s the lawyer that the court appointed. Smart ass from Dallas. He and the DA made a deal and Ray gets off. Politics.
Anything you god damn like.
Armstrong, get your ass in gear!
White, you lucky bastard. Ed inches forward. Mission
To Morehead? Yeah. It’s cool, they shift star positions to mimic an off course craft. Bitch of a sim, but it’s how Cooper aligned Faith 7 when his navigation controls failed.
Have Ed get his ass back in! Kraft glances at EECOM.
We got it, fellas.
Wouldja believe Mondale cornered me at Arlington? Senator thought it was a good time to ask why we don’t just send machines to the moon? PULL BACK to a circle of astronauts nearby. Conrad, Lovell, Scott and others pass a bottle of vodka, a lime inside. Shit.
On my mark! 3, 2, 1, now! Dave blows the squibs and Neil REACHES OVER HIS HEAD, flicks on the re-entry control system. NOTHING HAPPENS. Shit.
Yeah, Gus is already bitching.
Gus bitching?
Get the damn comms working and we’ll cool it.
That’s the point. These tests aren’t about getting it right, they’re about knowledge. We fail and we learn and we fail and we learn and it’s the only goddamn reason we’ve gotten this far. We have to keep failing here so we don’t fail there.
Well, sure. What fella wouldn’t want to give his wife bragging rights? Buzz smiles, enjoying the limelight.
...the landing area is beyond the Maskelyne series, it should be flat. Which is good cause you won’t have much wiggle room. That fuel tank’s a bitch, if you’re not under 100 feet at 20 seconds to bingo -NEIL We will be.
Boy, look at that son of a bitch. Mike's voice PULLS US BACK INTO -INT. THE CAPSULE - CONTINUOUS Mike and Buzz stare out at the moon, in AWE... but Neil’s already focused on what’s next.
Damn thing.
you!
Lighten up, baby. You're well rid of that jerk.
!!:£_, you stupid kid.
Come on s,iddown. Yo.
Drive, you son of a bitch! Charles guns the motor. The car gives a lurch and takes off, just as Sonia runs alongside and leaps up onto the hood.
:t ain't no vagrant.. squatter.
Hey, you know bibi? of a girl, hah?
Stick 'im where the devil went in!Attention all units -- 211 at Pier 39.  Suspect is a white male, 30's, 6 feet with specs, armed and very dangerous.  Heading south on Van Ness in a blue Ford sedan.  Watch for this one, fellas -- he's looney toons.
Hello!  Sorry I'm late, but there's been a bit of a muddle.  I'm on the ninth floor of the bloody Fillmore police station.  Could you come and "bail me out" or whatever they call it?  There's a good chap.
This guy?  I bet he never even said the word shit.
You staying for a while or is this just a piss-stop?
Physical augmentation, vocal enhancement implants -- More snitches have disappeared in here than in San Francisco Bay.
Castor himself didn't know half this crap, and it was his life.
So?  The procnias averano is a South American bird.  The flight here was only three hours!  And yesterday a European swallow flew by! Where the fuck are we?
Being stuck in this rat-hole when it blows.  Bro, what you built was a work of art. That little fucker belongs in the Smithsonian.
For being one helluva guy.
You've given me the freedom I haven't had in years, and the power to make it pay off in ways I never thought possible.  But hell -- this is America.  One day a pauper, the next day, a prince. And I owe it all to you. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, -- and a beautiful wife to fuck.  Excuse me -- I mean "make love to."
Come on, Vixen ... Donner ... Blixen ...
Damn it, Caz.
Who are you to call Jon Archer a wimp?
cuss.
transferring homeless psychotics
gentle as a pussycat,
whatever they a dose.
What the hell? We FOLLOWTHEMinto
you another
Where the hell have you been!?
Strong as a though. Worked as a knocker. 'bout twenty miles outside a' with his wife and child, sweet girl. Wife was Indian.
Shit! 133
That’s company line bullshit, Thebes.
But when you’re trapped in this can with a buncha shit that’s out of your control... a little bit of dumb can be valuable. Sully discards.
Alexy’s an asshole. He’d be the first one to tell you. The only way his wife doesn’t kill him is for him to spend ninety percent of their marriage in space.
But the murder's way too fucking clumsy. And this guy's a major intellectual. Top of his Yale class, a Rhodes gig, tenured at 27, two books. He's an academic stud.
Look at his wife, she's a regular Grace Kelly. Old money svelte. Father was Ambassador to Spain --
It's called schmuck.
There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom.
Not so much anymore. We thought this would be like a busy week -- Gale gettin' the prune juice and all. Prune juice is what death row dudes call the poison, 'cause it gives you the shits. Most jerks just take a photo from the street. They shot a 'Real Crimes' episode here, but the owner didn't give us dick.
Whatever.
Look at me. He's not your man. His name is Dusty Wright, DeathWatch Director before Constance. He's a 'bullhorner,' a zealot who thinks a good demonstration has to end in a riot and arrests. 'Almost martyrs don't mean shit.' They fired him. Constance kept him in the organization, and he loved her for it. The man adored her.
...Because of the Berlin thing, Constance knew the police would go straight to Gale. In a way, he's perfect. A high profile alcoholic whose life was shit anyway. But...
Woman You tell me. He's ya fatha. Llewyn Yeah, right. He sure is. Woman
Jean's Voice Yeah? Llewyn It's me. Llewyn. Jean's Voice
Llewyn enters with the cat. Llewyn God damn. I am one lucky bastard. Thank you for suggesting this place. He glances furtively around, then takes his coffee cup off its saucer and pours cream into it from the silver creamer. He sets the cat on the table to feed.
Damn.
I'll kill the dork.
There you go, dork. Been thinking about my girlfriend. Haven't you?
Damn dork.
Whatchya thinkin’ about?
And dry your balls.
About your balls.
Laney is fuming mad.
I see what you’re trying to do. You’re trying to make me look like the asshole. Like I’m kicking you out of the house instead of trying to get you help. Bruce calms himself down.
That’s not why she was there Eli. John Frye is just trying to get your goat.
They didn’t look very happy last time I saw them, poor little chaps.
Well, they’re not poor little chaps: just look what they did to Lola!
...so I says to him: “you can sit round here twiddling your thumbs, waiting to get your head blown off if you want to, I’m off out of it”... Ssh.
You’re pulling my tit.
Some poor sod’s going to catch a packet. EXT. STREET IN BALHAM.
What? You think I'm trying to compete with that? You think this joint's about bringing in the stroller crowd? Fresh off some fucking E-ticket ride, looking to break the house on red and black. Fremont's never been about that bullshit. This is where old time and real money comes to play.
I was speaking to this orthopedic surgeon over at Vegas Memorial. He tells me they can replace a man's entire kneecap with titanium. It's the kinda thing that costs a shitload, but since the man's into us for five hundred large, I'm sure we could --
Oh shit... Sorry... I'm such a klutz.
Whassimatter, kid? You got that Nostradamus look.
Yeah, pride. The leader of the pride... when he gets on in years. It's just a matter of time before some young male arrives on the scene to challenge him. They go at it and the old cat gets the crap beaten outta him. It's humiliating. In front of all the females, this goes down. And after he's defeated, he's cast out of the pride, to scavenge and die alone in the bush.
No shit. Well, how 'bout that? Yeah, maybe I'll do that. We can play catch up. For the kid's sake. Gotta split.
"I dunno," the fella says, "I think he got stuck in his throat."
Hey, Jesus, c'mon, Shelly. We're not trying to fuck with it. We're trying to make it better.
Get lost, Bernie, this got nothing to do with you.
Got any cre --
Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think of me? That I would fuck with your happiness? That hurts.
Are you saying that to tempt me? See, me as well, there’s something I can’t allow. Getting on everybody’s tits. Past a certain age.
Come here, wimp.
This guy's probably a schmuck and I don't care what I wear.
You still love me, don't you, Pugsley?
Like shit, boss.
...but there was one man...who taught us to fight.  To storm the wire of the camps.  To smash those metal mother- fuckers into junk.  He turned it around...he brought us back from the brink.
...damn...he has your eyes.
I'm not leaving you anywhere you jerk.  Haven't you figured it out?  Kyle, John is our son.
Move!  Reese! Let's go. Move you ass!
Now, listen here, pilgrim. A cowboy never lets a lassie drive drunk. Life is hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid, and gettin’ behind that wheel is ri-goddamn-diculous. So hand ‘em here, or I’m gonna hafta frisk ya’. She teasingly hides her keys behind her back so he has to put his arms around her to get them. 4
Hanson’s a fair-minded guy with a reputation for controversial acquittals. I went to school with the sonofabitch.
-- I got real lucky with everything an' it's drivin' you nuts, 'cause as long as I was a bum, ya always had somebody ya could feel better than. Right, Paulie? That's where it's at! -- And jobs? I got ya ten jobs an' you blew them all because you don't wanna work. What you want is what everybody else has got! Yo, it don't work that way!
The man's got nothin' inside -nothin' ! He's been duckin' me for three years just like that chump Apollo Creed before him.
Hey, puny, ya gonna get stomped, man!
Get nasty, Racko!
Busted for trespassin' an' did thirty days in the joint.
... What are ya doin', Mick? Mickey yells back at Clubber.
'Hickey's arm.
He ain't just a fighter, he's a w-reckin' machine and he's great at it. I know -- while you been out gettin' awards I've been watchin' this pug come up the ranks, an' he's got it all -He's hungry -- Hell, you ain't been hungry since ya won the belt
Get the hell in the ring!
Ya nothin' , man ...
'Why're ya doin' this -- ya didn't answer.
Say what·ya want. -- Ya still got dumpo'ed.
Yo -- What the hell we doin' here? Getting back.
.•. You got it -- you got it, tonight -- Hey, all the badmouthin' was to get the people goin', he~r.
What, suckin'
Baby, you're hited.
Yeah, but Pop, he got. p:retty up hisself?
ass cup off coff~e ~-....But finie1h up about the Rock, how'd he take _it? LEE
you!
You ~owwe sell other' fifshion -magazd;nes behind·the counter. r.
No, Kim doesnrt give a shit about Italian Vogue. But Brandy; 11 come in with us and if she won't,-· Tyson, will. her assista~ LEE
Kim - dick it?,
!1.'liat•,~ ,okay;. ·Ir~ j:rist taking the ·piss. outta ya. ··· Ackland to· c1.nswe~ , · your -question •.. · Anyway, I '' : subscribed to the local .paper about a month ago.
about. what I '.in talkin'
can, t believe what the fuck she Is seeing, but .after being' frightened, she's slowly starting to let go and.enjoy the moment. Her shocked mouth slowly turns into a smile. STUNTMANMIKE·
stuntman Mike ';s badass
No wait. Wait. Lexi, look. I’m sorry. That was inappropriate. No shit.
Well, I mean... that’s up to you and Lexi of course but look, I saw so many hiring signs downtown. Tomorrow, I’ll head down town and see if there’s any work that will pay cash. I’ll get a steady gig or two. I work my ass off. Lexi knows this. I work my ass off. I’ll be carrying my load. Trust me. I’ll head downtown tomorrow morning and nail a job and be providing in no time.
Yeah, you still got the couch! I love this couch. This thing is one comfy son of a bitch. 21
Mikey? My god. What the hell are you doing around here?
I don’t kid. But please... you can’t give me that nicklefritz shit again. Or I’ll never get repeaters. Leondria agrees to let him sell her quality weed. He leaves with a few ounces. He bikes away triumphantly. 37
Shit is right. Hey, is Wispers still open in Galveston?
I gotta be honest, your ass is a whole lot nicer to sleep on than that couch. Lexi kicks him out of bed. Mikey walks to the door naked.
By the way, who smokes joints. That’s so old man-y.
What, you want a blunt? Hell yeah.
You sound like my mom. Oh shit... third shift is getting off in a minute. I got to get back. They head back to Donut Hole. 77
Hey, by the way, you can move all your shit on the hard hats from the refinery -- I see them at the end of their shift and they wanna kill themselves. 78
DUDE! I saw the whole thing. That shit is fucking wack.
You’re ten times hotter than any of these girls. If you were dancing, these girls would be out of a job.
She’s my way back in, man. I’m telling you. This is like a Jenna Jameson/Sasha Grey level find here. I’m blessed, man. Fuckin’ blessed. See, this is my talent, I try to tell people I could be a badass scout. I have my finger on the pulse of the next generation.
Hells yeah. Fast and the Fury-Ass.
You jerk. It’s not that bad.
Not fucking with you. 128
Get your hands off me.
Wait. Wait. Look. I was off making us money, okay? I had to head down to Corpus Christi to pick up some shit. It’s for us.
for Saber Entertainment. Had a DBA for Michael Saber but that lapsed cause I missed the annual fees because of some other bullshit with my fucking old business partner but I have Mike Saber trademarked. Yeah?
Oh yes, quiet, quiet... Mikey gives a shit about something.
Look, I’ve done some real soul searching. The pile-up the other day... that shit affected me. Life can change on a dime. You could have been in one of those cars. I could have been in one of those cars. Life would be very different right now. And well... I was going to wait for a few weeks and ask you but... I ain’t wasting no more time... we gotta get out of here. That shit on 146 was a sign. To grab life by the balls and do what makes you happy NOW... ‘cause there may not be a tomorrow.
Be packed and ready. 10am okay? Just bring one bag and when we get to LA, we’ll get all new shit.
Whatta mean you outta here?
Homeless suitcase pimp!The agents track them through their binoculars. POV O’NEIL: The Sno-Cats TEAR ASS across the frozen lake, four abreast. Banning leads the way.
Freakin’ Willard, man!
Where’s Conn--
He’s a Special Agent -TRUMBULL Who should’ve been shitcanned two years ago -Jacobs and Trumbull lock eyes.
You have 30 seconds to show yourself, Agent Banning. Or I put a bullet in his eye. Banning leans back, closes his eyes.
Pak LEAPS UP, takes off after Banning. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE PEOC - CONTINUOUS Banning HAULS ASS down the corridor. stairwell.
I'm a smart sonofabitch.  I just hide it.
Most times I can't tell shit from shinola, Doc.  What was all that you just said?
Well, hell, son, it's got a certain ring to it, I'll say that.
You're on leave, man.
Bitch mostly, but he meant it affectionately.  You don't have any coke, do you?  I love coke and Jack Daniel's.
I think Roxy got jealous.
Why the hell not?
In that little pissant car of yours? Hell, no.  I ain't gettin' no back pain disability retirement -- I'm gettin' me a full pension and a real gold-plate Seiko watch.
Where the hell you goin'?
No, no, I'm just being realistic. Geoffrey is an asshole. Face it. Maybe he's into drugs. The point is he's doing something to make you feel this way. There's areason. Because I can tell your heud's screwed on straight.
Still, this is the goddamn strangest kind of contagious neurosis I've ever run into. Too many people saying virtually the same thing.
LieutenantJ these are the fellas that reported the body.
YOU!
Don't talk that way, El-izabeth.
Murderin' English bastards.
Scotland! Scot-land!
I trust him -- or I'd'a killed him me'self. A weddin' needs pipes.
Stand up, man, I'm not the Pope.
Insane Irish --
Yes, I have heard! He kills men by the hundreds! And if he were here, he would consume the English with fireballs from his eyes, and bolts of lightning from his ass!
Here I am, English coward! Come get me!!
I hope you washed your ass this mornin -- it's never been kissed by a king before.There's a Church near our house. Next to the pub. Every night at ten the drunks spill out, shouting at the top of their voices. That's where I want to be buried. Where I can hear them. harry Nothing's going to happen to you.
You're not fair to Ethne.
That's enough out of you... As they shove him through the door -- turning back to Sutch:Guvenilmez... daginik... bloody kids, you know... he says - `but Amca it's Christmas?... Christmas! We're Islam!
Stepan, shut up!
We're partners now, man, you know?
So you're a midwife. Jesus.
You've drunk enough Kirill.
From France. Old as fuck. Old is good with wine. Sixty quid a bottle anywhere. Except I got them for ten quid a case.
Your friend Soyka is dead.
When I was in the KGB, we knew how to deal with scum like you.
Kirill, a vor doesn't kill little babies.
Was it in Africa? Tuskin signals Lamont. not to interfere. 'rU-SKIN Why do you say that? REGAN
Cool. But the big news is... Check this shit- out. Pink grabs a tarp in the bed of his truck and with one quick motion, jerks away the canvas and reveals a smiling Ronald McDonald statue. Formerly of the drive-thru line, Ronald has a speaker in his stomach.
...Man, I heard when Nugent was playing in Miami, or maybe it was San Francisco... Anyway, man, this chick gets up on stage and starts giving him a blowjob while he was playing, man, "Stranglehold."
Banned for being such a pussy?
When the communist troops swarmed into Saigon and everybody was running for their lives, holding on to planes and pushing choppers into the sea and shit, it was all over. A defeat by any logical definition.
Okay all you freshman wimps, listen up! Any of you ever heard of Fred O'Bannion? He was the meanest senior last year. I would've been the meanest senior this year except O'Bannion just found out he's going to be a senior again this next year. He flunked out and he's really pissed off about it! I feel sorry for you guys. And because we feel sorry for you, we're going to take it easy on you. If you wait for us after school today, you'll only get one lick from each of us. If you run like the cowards you are, it's open season all summer long. And Mitch Kerr... we're especially looking for you! Your ass will be purple before this day is over!
You white girls are funny.
You better haul ass man...
You stud...
...Man, Benny wore their butts out. Oh lord did he bust their ass... The others laugh.
...For example, all the stuff Kennedy did was okay because he didn't get caught, but Tricky-Dick got nabbed and they made him pay for it. Royce and Mike kind of look at Tony like they're wondering which side he's on.
Prickford... You winnin'?
Whatever, man.
Sounds like somebody hasn't gotten past the sniffin' butt stage lately.
Hey Hirsh! Wherever the hell you are... Hirsh and Freshman Girl ft2 look up.
'Cause they're looking for our asses. They're circling the place like buzzards but they just left. It might be our best shot at making it out of here alive.
Suck me! .
Bad-ass.
Someone's gonna have to be latering my seat, man.
Man, that bowling ball said "hooff" to that damn windshield.
Elvis, you takin' this g u y s money?
Is that bastard O'Bannion over there?
Hey man, that Julie chick likes you.
I'll tell you though. Play it cool, man. If she gets the impression you like her too much, she'll be off with someone else before you know it.
A woman in that car that just drove by pulled up her shirt and flashed her tits in this direction.
Okay geek, I'll be watching out for your ass... Mike just turns and keeps walking.
Just don't be driving around town with it standing up in the back unless you want the cops all over your ass.
So how would you define yourself; more of a jock, a stoner, or a smart guy like Tony and Mike. She takes the joint out of his mouth.
Look at him, a little Casanova. Mitch grins a little.
Whatever, man.
You pull that tongue?I'm part Mohawk. Indians are never confused. At least, they never let it show.
Get in there, Lucky. Quit horsin' around. Get in.
I'm not gonna bullshit you, Rake. You're...in a bad time. If there's any way to save you, I'll find it, I swear. You just... hang in there, old guy. I'll be right back.
Sorry, old hoss.
Even-Steven, boss.  You saved my ass in the desert.  I saved yours I in Pennsylvania.
I don't believe in being... 'Even- Steven' with anybody.  A man saves my ass...I pay him back.  Before this day is over, I'll pay you back, Barry.  Just... stick with me, okay?
This is gettin' old, Man, I swear. I been in this Army eighteen years.
I've seen action in Granada.  And Desert Storm.  Would have lost it all there... if my buddy didn't bring in a team, against orders, to pull my ass out.  Buddy named... Wesker.
Since before that.  We were... kids together.  Macon, Georgia.  He's... only an asshole some of the time...
The man has balls, I'll say that.
Haul ass, boss!
You guys were hand-picked. A Special Unit. Most of you have been sitting on your asses, drawing pay checks for more than two years. Well... it's time to repay those... Government loans.
What's got into you man? This... this isn't like you.
This is...what I've been all my life. A guy... suckin' up to the honchos. Wipin' the shit off their asses... all the while lookin' for a break. A way to get some of my own! Well this it, friend. I'm myself, alright. And I know exactly what I'm doing. I told you...before this day was over... I'd pay you back.
antidote. That was just happy horse shit, to keep the team going.
The ultimate warrior. The ultimate soldier. We'll see. How it does against a couple of hard-ass career guys, like you and me.
I'm havin' too much fun. You got a lady. I just got me. Anyway... I ain't gonna die in this rat hole. I'll make it. Get outta here.
Always do unto others as you'd have others do unto your ewe.
He was so pissed.
And there's this brilliant conductor in purple briefs with no bangs cursing his ass off in Finnish.
You!
S'cuse me.
Get out of my way.
Butts on seats. That's what movies are about. You got one job in Hollywood -- everyone has the same job, in fact -- putting the butts on the seats. You gotta sell 'em popcorn and Pepsi- cola. It's all about popcorn and Pepsi-cola.
You're a laugh-riot, kid.
I'm not fucking with Hughes. That shit-kicker would kill us dead, baby. Just like Jean Harlow
Just wait. So one night I notice Pops getting outta bed and sneaking away. And he's got this little p-p- paper bag with him, right? Middle of the night. So I figure the old man's really up to no good this time and I follow him. Well I'll be g-g-goddamned if he's not springing all the traps and leaving cheese for the rats!
Kid, you just got your ass kicked on Joseph Conrad and now you're gonna go to Schaefer and tell him you wanna do the id and the superego? Stop being so goddamn smart.
And is dear Mank your b-b-bull?
Writer, flunkie, pimp--
You need to get outta here, Rapunzel
Jesus
We've known each other too long, Orson. Sling the bullshit elsewhere.
Mank! You scoundrel! What took you so long?!
Mank-
Jesus
If it'll get you the hell out of my office, go ahead and make the picture.
Just like you, Mank.
Orson ... just cut the goddamn tea
Goddamn it Joe -- stand here
Orson, I am so goddamn tired--
The magazines are one thing -- but Hedda! Why did we have to let her come?!
Take that, you old cow
I'm Christ
No she's not. Don't you get it, ya lunk? She's using code language to the studio bosses. "Bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees" -- who the hell do you think she's talking about?
We got Jews
Your son-in-law meshuaena.
I'll tell ya something, kid. When you make your masterpiece at 26 it's a bitch. I mean. where do you go from here?If they got five thousand dollars on 'em. don't let 'em get away.
A mite stiff...
Hey, fellas, you got any of them rabbeted lintels set, rip 'em out!
Okay, fellas, let's quit!
Few little things here, all right, I guess. "Mortising five butts -- a dollar sixty-eight."
Bridget Jones - wanton aoddess of sex .... with a big, bad IBan between her thighs. Dad. ·-Hi. 82
Pass the ciggies.
She ~s a li~tle G~cci Hootchie.
Thank you, Mr. Duvall. I just want ~o sa:f that ·,mdei my rule, t:t:.--e S.A.C .. wi~l do more than j;;.st se:..l can:l.y canes and sponsor queer st.uff like recycling. A
oh my God, Karen. You can't just ask people why they're white.
INT. HALLWAY Girls walking in slo-mo. around Regina •.
I don't know. Her tits are getting bigger.
Get off me.
I have a long-neck like a-balrerina.
Mr Hooker.
A weasel.
I'm a Fuegan.
A smart spinal scrub. Cold douche daily at 7.00. Wrapping in towels and sweating by the lamp.Humourless poppycocks, in my limited experience.
Yes, white, they must be white.
She hurries away. He gazes after her.
Miss Bennet, you have been the victim of a huge misunderstanding. Suffice to say, I have been an unmitigated and comprehensive ass. And therefore, I would like to ask you -Bruzzo, don't jerk around. You know as well as I do that it’s not going to happen...
Stop screwing around, Bruzzo.
It doesn't last for long, it shuts right away. But, as long as the crack is open, you can do something. One must hurry, be alert. But, if you manage to do it before these motherfuckers notice it, you can change things a bit. You can do something good. Very good. Good things were done like that, all of the sudden. And they were done by the few people who realized this. The brave ones. That's how they made... Silence.
Fat wimp. How old is he?
Really? Is he that big a fascist?
Everyone remains silent.
For example, right now I'm carefully wiping my ass. We hear a toilet flushing. JULIO opens the door.
Well, I don't care. This beat up country needs people like you.
Leave the nation aside.
Yes. ... We start talking about the history of violence in Argentina... but without your river of shit metaphor.
Come on, Crazy. Cut the crap. JULIO
Don't be such a smart ass.
It 1 s true -- you pompous ass. There's nobody alive but us! Nobody's going to help us -- except ourselves! It's up to each one of you! Up to .!:!§..! Together! Don't listen to him! about this ship I
You've got fifteen minutes l If your ass isn't back here in fifteen minutes, we're going the other way. SCOTT
Not a bad idea -- but -- you know how conyentional mo st of us are .
-- ain't you got no
Tits up.
Maybe I'd be better off with one of those young fellas. They could look out for the house during the day.
I don't want a lazy arse around here.
No room for princesses here. When I was a youngster, sleeping in the orphanage, there’d be seven or eight of us in the bed. Feet up my nose, elbows in my arse. You’re too fancy to pile in up there, you can pack up your little knick-knacks and go on. Maud has no choice.
Nobody believes you are working for that man, he's practically a beggar. Everyone's talking he has you barred up in there as his love slave. It's disgusting.
Every time I says something cross, you can’t run off to the shed and bitch to the dogs. Maud smiles.
So what's it like being married to such an ass?
writing a vampire script that's going to be the shit!
The one I know is Nieves, the first one.
as a woman.
The year of punk.
I think I am going to bribe him. We need money, I don't want Diego back at that damn bar. I want to pay Diego a salary, we need money and he has money to throw...
God, I'm so sure. Don't blame me, blame Heather. She told me to haul your ass into the caf pronto. Back me up, Heather.
Shit, Heather. I don't have anything against Martha Dunnstock.
Damn right right.
Pretend you're a missionary saving a colony of cootie victims.
God, scan on Martha Dumptruck.
Damn..
Come on you jerk. You know you used to have a sense of humor.
Shit, we're seniors, Ram. Too old for that crap. Let's give him a scare though.
Don't be a dick. That stuff'll kill her.
Just give me a cup, jerk.
Bonehead.
Just give me the cup, jerk.
Look, heather left behind one of her Swatches. She'd want you to have it, Veronica. She always said you couldn't accessorize for shit.
Hi. I'm sorry. Technically I didn't kill Heather Chandler but hey, who am I trying to kid, right? I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen. Did that sound bitchy?
That pudwapper just stepped on my foot.
All right, but I hope it isn't going to be one of those nights where they get shitfaced and take us to a pasture to tip cows.
Shut up, Courtney.
These are Ich Luge bullets. My grandfather snared a shitload of them in W.W. Two. They're like tranquilizers only they break the surface of the skin, enough to cause blood, but not any real harm.
If there's any way you can hear me, Kurt buddy, I don't care that you really were some pansy. You're my flesh-and-blood. You made me proud. I love my homosexual son. My son's gay and I love him!
No or Hell No?
HELL NO!
You shoulda stuck around, jerk. Ms. Fleming wants to redefine the high school experience.
She wants to ignore the high school experience. Our way's better. We scare people into not being assholes.
You mean the time you blew Kurt Kelly's ass away!
You kids are making too much damn noise.
Veronica! Color me stoked, girl. I've gotten everyone to sign this petition even the one who think BigFun are tuneless Eurofags. People love me!
Eskimo.
Veronica, you look like hell.Oh come on - the guy's going to be a creep.   All Englishmen are ugly.
Okay, so the guy's gonna look like Meatloaf's backside.    No-one's asking you to go to bed with him.
Thanks man, I can't tell you how much I appreciate talking to ya. In this job you get so many jerks spilling their guts all over ya, with their stupid problems ... But you, you're a great listener, ya know that?
Look, you guys, could you just give us a moment to ... Jennifer - could you turn that damn thing down.
You think he's tough you should see the size of the hunk that works the night shift.
By the way. Don't     know what you think, Mr Vice President, but I've been hinting    to the old man that someone's got to have the balls to take some    sort of emergency measures around here - or we're all in the crap house. What     do you think?
Don't just stand there, Bean - do something.
Curtsy? Are you kidding? This is 1990s America.      Women don't curtsy, they run the damn country!
You were going to sell the State of California a poster - for ten million dollars! Who the hell do you think you are, Shorty!?
I know... I know. I've been an arsehole of spectacular proportions. Olympic standard.
in you, my' man?
Aw, shit. Rusty rolls down his window.
What’s a pedophile?
I always forget about those asshole steps. Whoa!
Come on in, guys! I’ve got a couple friends over. They are the shit.
Excuse me, fellas? The men cross over to the Colossus.
We’re the Griswolds! gang.Sometimes Emily gets to carrying on real loud and screaming at me about shit, like I can help it... REVEAL Cherry hopping up and down beside her, like the floor was hot coals.
Holy shit! Your pupils are huge.
Cuz I like you a lot. Shut up.
The owner was a dick but not too bad and you could make money there.
I swear, if the outcomes of all wars were decided by push-ups and idle talk, America might never lose... EXT. FORT LEONARD FIELD - DAY Cherry runs, clearly on his last leg. A Drill Sergeant runs alongside him, yelling in his face-DRILL SERGEANT DECO DO YOU WANT TO DIE, YOU BEEF CURTAIN??!! THERE ARE HAJIS BREATHING DOWN YOUR PISS
It wasn’t because of PTSD though. Deco hadn’t ever been anywhere. He was full of shit. EXT. FORT LEONARD FIELD - DAY Cherry and the Recruits back in formation.
So don’t ever join the fucking Army. THE SOUND OF CHOPPERS TAKES US TO-A FLEET OF BLACK HAWKS SWEEP OVER BURNING OIL FIELDS IN A DESERT WASTELAND. TWO JETS CREASE THE FRAME, COUNTERING... CHYRON -- PART THREE: CHERRY
Two WIA's, lead Humvee. On it.
It's just-- When I was out with First Platoon, we got four vehicles stuck in here trying to drive through this shit.
Cheetah, get up here and pull this goddamn POS out of the mud! Cherry can’t hold back-CHERRY You don’t want to do that, Sarge. That's exactly what we did. You’ll only make things harder for QRF when they get here. You need a Bradley with a tow cable.
The essential problem of being hooked on dope is that whenever you get flush, you spend it on dope. Until the money’s gone. And then when the dope’s gone, you get sick. Just then, he throws up in his shirt.
Keep talking to me, man. Look in my eyes.
Busting our asses Christmas week like they're gonna land extra planes if we finish - Suddenly two MEN O'REILLY and SH DON) are there.
Airport, huh? You're not pissing in somebody's little pool, are you?
A 747 has the furthest flight capacity of anything we've got here. Take out the seats and save some weight, add the wing tanks and it could go to Australia, Africa, Asia - hell the whole Goddamn world.'
About time, Carmine. Guess you have to light a fire under your ass to light a fire under your ass.
Who the fuck are you? In response, the man points to the NAMETAG on his coveralls.
Annex skywalk...? Sounds like the pissant World's Fair... He rummages around, finds a big wrinkled MAP, smoothes it out.
Mu ey has caught the damn thing on reflex, and now he TWITCHES bacTcwards, the bullets SPARKING off the grate before they drill through him.
Goddamn son-of-a-bitch- I'll bet. Okay, calibrate your altimeter at setting
Listen, Dick -
Writing your acceptance speech for the video sleaze awards?
Just get here,.this is it, move your fat ass will ya -? Grant signals his Sergeant and then it's like D-Day as ALL the SOLDIERS and some COPS hustle out -
McClane, what the hell do you think you're doing, playing John Wayne? How'd you like to spend the rest of the night in a cell -
I was wrong. You're not an asshole.
This man's been through serious shit,
They're not gonna do that -they're gonna get on the same Goddamn plane and leave with him! Before the Army canned him, Stuart must have loaded that unit with his own guys -
My position is I'm gonna get my ass reamed out by the best Goddamn soldier on the planet 'cause I'm two minutes late. Stuart GRINS, signals for the hanger door to be opened.
Yet I do not see your fat tweedy dead when I look out on the field of battle.
Of course. You are in favour. But favour is a breeze that shifts direction all the time. Then in an instant you’re back sleeping with a bunch of scabrous whores wondering whose finger’s in your arse. You cannot have too many friends in court. I need a friend Abigail, one with cute ears and wide eyes. I am often blind-sided by the distorted situation at court. As Leader of the Opposition I should not be.
Shut up please.
How dare you touch the Queen like that. Anne leans on the wall.The meathead with attitude and interchangeable hands is Gobber. I've been his apprentice ever since I was little. Well...littler.
Oh and that's Fishlegs, Snotlout. The twins Ruffnut and Tuffnut. And...
Man the fort, Hiccup, they need me out there! Gobber pauses. Turns with a threatening glare.
Go back to bed, ya overgrown sausage! You'll get another chance, don't you worry. Slam! Lock. Gobber turns to the recruits.
...but now... Snotlout gets up to go.
Hey! Snotlout MISSES. Astrid glares at him.
--There! Snotlout and Tuffnut HURL their water into the fog.
Your butts are getting bigger. We thought you were a dragon.
Butt Elf!
Get Snotlout out of there! IN MID-PUNCH, the twins look over to see Snotlout stranded on the monster's head. They eye each other.
What are you thinking, Allie?! There's 1:43 on the clock! You walk on that field after the 2minute warning and we automatically lose a time-out. Wake-up! You been here almost a goddamn season!
Suck it up, Cap... My back!
Oww -- my butt! It's like a knife in it!
Beamen! What the hell are you doing? I told you to warm up five minutes ago! Look at your wristband -- it's upside down. Take your head out of your ass. Let's go, you're up!
Augghh... Ugghh...
You puked on the logo, my man!
I just figgered that out, J Man...
... something's definitely wrong, Doc! My butt's killing me... I think it's a...
Gentlemen, this is our house! We live here. Don't let them fuck with us in our own house! We're gonna get some points on the goddamn board if I gotta get out there myself and throw the goddamn ball! Now let's go and kick some second-half butt!
My point is -- Willie -- just forget about the crowd and the formations and the audibles and the whole goddamn playbook. Just focus on this one next pass.
Hey, J, I'm not gonna shit you. I know this guy, he's a top plastic surgeon... I think I can get him to see you tonight.
You get any more stats in those goddamn computers what the hell you need a coach for anymore? I mean it's like we're all rushing forward here -- faster, bigger, smarter. We're all thinking too damned much... we're not even looking around at what we're passing by, leaving behind... You know what I mean? I sure do.
I really miss the shit outta Timmy and Melinda... Y'know, love to see them, Jesus! Grandkids, Jeanette, we got grandkids... Anyway, what's there to say? Cap got hurt Sunday. Just another heart-breaking Sunday right?
What do you expect? Smalls is an asshole, but he'll deal. He always has. And he knows we've got a big glitch anyway.
Hey, last time you puked you had a hell of a game.
... Bootleg? Very creative. I never thought of that in a million years. In fact, I didn't call that! I called a goddamn Double Tight Regular 22 Fox. You know what that is, son?
Vanessa policing your ass?
Yo, Madman! I can't take your ass nowhere!...
Where, in Palm Beach? This is Zaire here! These guys are stealing hubcaps while you're writing prescriptions. They have four years to make a million dollars, that's it. A short life but it's a goddamn glorious one! -- as long as you don't mess with their minds!
Oh, Mr. Bad Ass Willie! I seen you in action tonight, chasing the tail on that Heather Sanderson.
Watcha want!... Don't touch my arm like that or I'll bust your ass!
... Christ, gimme a minute, Tom, okay? I haven't seen you in what... Six years.
Charlie, give me a goddamn break. I know this is L.A., I don't know nobody here, but give us a chance anyway!
Whatcha you saying, you...
Y'ever see a movie? You know, there's the king, right? But he ain't no king till the other actors bow when he walk in the room, right? He's just this actor dude... same with us, J. I'm the Q.B., but you gotta act like I am the Q.B., you get it, 'cause if you ain't pretending, it's a fake, it make me look like some dumb-ass turkey out there runnin' around trying to throw a pass they all know is comin'...
Vietnam?... Never mind. Or is it New York now? Corporate culture, baby! I'm actually one of the few good guys left -- I stretch it a bit for you boneheads.
Or he just could be a crazy fucker, okay! Listen, every Sunday these guys walk out onto that field, they only got one thing and one thing alone going for 'em -- their confidence!
I'm joking. I don't really think anything's gonna happen... but I'm not a complete prick, you know, Christina, I do have some kind of conscience.
Okay, son, listen to me very carefully and remember what I'm going to tell you. You can forget every other goddamn thing I ever said if you remember this, because someday you're going to realize it's the truest thing you ever heard: This game has got to be about more than winning.
You're not some flash-in-the-pan receiver or corner back or even Julian Washington, kid, you're a goddamn quarterback! You know what that means? It's the top spot, kid, the guy that takes the fall, the guy who everybody's looking at first, the leader of a team, who will break their ribs and noses and necks for you 'cause they believe! 'Cause you make 'em believe! That's a quarterback.
Yeah, Doc. I hate when that shit happens... So now we got these two locos on the offensive line and Coach D'Amato is about ready to call an exorcist when...
Guy took a lotta hits -- lost everything to booze, painkillers -his family, all his money, typical shit... was out on the street for a while, then the press got hold of it and management gave him a few bucks. He gets by... Don't get down, Willie... I'm pushing real hard for another OT or pulling guard in the draft. Moved, Willie's eyes remain on Fields, talking to someone else; he's also rethinking Crozier's attitude towards the players.
It's a new world, Tony! In my day we were just happy to have the goddamned job. I shoveled liquor in the off-season, used cars, insurance. Some guys used to wrassle... Now, shit -- Prima dawgs! Bodies are year-round great but break like china! Mandy, the young beautiful woman who approached Tony previously, enters with a friend. Tony notices, as does Monty.
Well, we came to an agreement early on. All day long I live, breathe, and shit football. The moment I come home, I live, breathe, and shit family.
Hey, who the hell wants to think about blitzes and crossblocks when you're holding your grandkids in your arms...?
Get 'em to stand up and block, goddamnit, Hank! What's going on?! TIME CUT TO: 189
And making them heroes! That's what I been doing. Who am I to tell these men they can't live their dream? These are big boys. This is triage out there, asshole! Let the man die a goddamn hero if he wants.
Then where the hell is this coming from, Rock?
There is no 'big picture'! You are the goddamn quarterback of the Miami Sharks! You are a legend and you're talking about quitting?!... You know what that means to the kids! To me!
I blew it, Vanessa. I was a fool... I'm sorry. You know it all happened so goddamn fast. I just wasn't ready for it... Vanessa looks over Willie's shoulder. He realizes, follows her glance to a well-dressed, middle-aged African-American businessman waiting at a table.
Nothing! I been trying to come up with some plays that Willie can't possibly fuck up.
Well, this old asshole has a playoff game in two days. A game which Cap Rooney is going to start and finish. Both of you -- get out. Crozier stands, a glance to Christina. alone. A207
I don't know what to say really. We got three minutes left till the biggest battle of our professional lives... It all comes down to today. We either heal as a team or we crumble, inch by inch, play by play -- until we're finished. We're in hell right now, gentlemen, believe me. We can sit here and get the shit kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back into the light; we can climb out of this anger and this doubt and this uncertainty -- we can climb out of hell -- one inch at a time, or...
... As we get older, some things are taken away... well, that's part of life, but you only learn that when you lose something. You find out that life is this game of inches! So's football. Because the margin for error in either game, football or life, is so small... so small, guys. One half-step too late or too early and you don't quite make it. One half-second too slow or too fast and you don't quite catch it 'cause it's half a fingertip away. The inches we need are everywhere around us, they're in every break of the game, every minute, every second. Mandrake forgot that. He was grabbing for miles when he only needed inches. And on this team there are no shortcuts. There are no more Doctor Mandrakes. On this team we fight for that inch! We tear ourselves and everyone else around us to pieces for that inch! We claw with our fingernails for that inch 'cause when you add up all those inches, that is what makes the fucking difference between winning and losing -- between living and dying... In any fight I can tell you this, it's the guy who's willing to die who's going to win that inch.
You fought like a son-of-a-bitch out there, Rock... I will never forget this.
Stats don't mean shit to me. Get me five yards on first, and they'll have to worry about stopping both you and Julian. Possession of the ball -- that's all I want. Move those chains. Yup.
Forget it. Remember, keep them off balance with the hard count. That will slow the pass rush and buy you more time. If you see their arms shaking and their asses up in the air, they're coming... Control the line of scrimmage, you're gonna control this game, Willie
Are you still white? 278
Spence, you got any shit on you?
Oh, yeah, dude, some Trek shit. James nods.
Oh, shit! Sorry, man. That’s cool.
Dude, yes! That’d be dope as shit.
Whoa, seriously? Cool. Are you gonna use all the original shit? James considers that...
What! She is hot, dude! That’s sick!
Whoa, is Donald Duck in this shit? Spencer indicates a weird Donald Duck knockoff on the cover, in a spacecraft.
Pretty dope as shit.
Did you just say “Beatlers?”
Holy shit, man... Look at all this electronic shit.
Holy shit, did you just crystallize from nowhere? The guy points at Chris’s machine.
Fuck... Linda walks out. Chris is left alone. He stands there for a while. Then he resumes brushing his teeth. A few moments go by. Chris rises up and looks in the mirror for a while; he’s sizing himself up. Time passes while Chris looks at himself. INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Chris has followed Linda into their bedroom.
Whatever.
What’s up, man? Did you see that Nuggets game?
A hundred and nineteen to a hundred twenty. Two overtimes. Moons made a three pointer with seventeen seconds left. The numbers are fucking Chris up.
I’m running somewhere. And I can’t talk to you about numbers and shit right now. The light changes. Chris takes off.
Yeah, Frakesh is a prick about it,
Gross, man. Your thumb. Man, gross.
Damn, man...
They sit quietly for a moment.Sucks.
The middle class black family moves into a white suburban enclave.  The middle class black family moves into a small Southern town that is run by the KKK.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black mother raises her teenage son.  And so on and so forth.  It's too clean, too antiseptic...
Are you crazy?  The joint is crawling with cops now.  You wanna go to Rikers?  Go to the hoosegow?
You're beginning to sound like Dunwitty.
Damn, Sis, you don't keep no food up in here in dis' piece.
So now I see where you're coming from.  Just because we ain't rapping about Gucci, Timberland, Rolex, Benz, Cristal, ho's and bitches, we're pseudo.
I'm lovin' it.  You know how I know? Because I'm getting a boner, my Johnson is hard, no disrespect my sister.
Every week we follow the trials and tribulations of two real coons - Mantan and Sleep 'n Eat.  The Dusky Duo.
Negroes would be in an uproar.
You da man.
No, you da man.
Sloan is all 'dat.  I try her.  I'm a tri-sexual.
Yo, Big Black, we needs a name for this joint.
We should call dis da BLACK album.
I want a hot, young white director. Maybe the kid, that pheenom who just did that hot new sexy Madonna video.
Besides, what does he know about Negroes?
I'm Smooth Black, the lover in dis' piece.
And he's Mo Black.
Microphone check.  One.  Two.  One. Two.  Yo, the name of this joint is BLAK IZ BLAK.  Hit it.
Yes, I know.  Jukka, have you ever seen a Negro person before?  Even had a real conversation with a real Negro before?
And voila!  You have your blackface.
Tell 'em what you mean Mistuh Mantan.
Cousins, I want all of you to go to your windows.  Go to your windows and yell.  Yell, I'm tired of the drugs, the crack babies born out of wedlock to crackhead aids infested parents.  I'm tired of the inflated welfare rolls while good wholesome Americans bring less and less of their paycheck home every two weeks. I'm tired, you're tired, we're all tired of these so-called bible- thumping God fearing, whore mongling Professional athletes.  Aren't you tired of these basketball-dunking, football-running, hop-hip rapping ebonic-speaking sex offenders who got ten kids from ten different Ho's?  I know I am and so is Sleep 'N Eat.
You tellin' the truth.
'Cuse me.  Please.  Can you please show me some respect.  I'm up here trying to make a living.
Mind yo' business.
How did I end up at the third rate chittlin' circuit greasy hole in the wall in West Hell, Virginny? Is that what you're asking ya Daddy?
Nuthin' I can't handle.
...aconite get it dat cheap.
Everybody shut up.
Hillnigger keeps it real.
These are black folks we're talkin' about, not some lab mice in a cage.
I'm not black.  I'm a NEGRO!!!
The Jolly Nigger Bank.
Don't you people get it?  We're in the 21st Century.  Slavery was over four hundred years ago.  All that stuff people talked in the old days, it's over.  Folks always crying, white man this, white man that.  Let's all grow up.
He's Peter Rican, y'knowwhatI'msayin'?
Sloan, I got it like 'dat.
Mantan, dat sho' is a whopper.
Did he gots to be.
Damn skippy.
You're in this up till ya neck.
Pull ya self together.
What are you?  A man or a mouse? Are you a punk?  Punking out on me?
Yo, DeLa, they tried to lynch my black ass up in dat piece.
And Big Black from Brooklyn, what do you do?
Dunwitty and I feel you've been getting too close to him, getting his mind all messed up.
Do you have to be so damn forthright?
Worked my black ass off, first as an intern, then worked my way up to this position.
Hell yeah, I'm a nigga.
Yesiree Bob, you darn tootin' I'm a nigger.
Honeycutt, I'm a really real niggress.
My name is Manray, goddamnit.
Cousins, I want all of you to go to your windows.  Go to your windows and yell, scream with all the life you can muster up inside your assaulted, bruised amd battered bodies.
Yo Black, you looking for trouble.
Whereas, whereas, where's the ass?
You ain't Blak.
Blak you ain't.
You ain' BLAK.
I'm WHITE.  I'm WHITE!  Look at me, I'm white!Digital camera: $254. Memory stick: $59. The look on your hard-ass former CO's grill when he finds out he's your junior officer: priceless.
Goddamn book-keeper doesn't know preferred stock from livestock.
Wait! Sue, don't touch tha--
Blockhead started it!
I called you on account of I didn't think you had another pair or another six and I know a punk like you would get greedy and try and buy the last hand.
Then they got their heads screwed on straight. Honor's just an idea. You can't see or feel it and you can't eat it and you sure as hell can't get any mileage on it.
Decadent? Depraved?
I ought to call my woman.
I don't know 'bout that suh. He just a frien' who teach me some things.
And here's another dime for you, fella.
Who is this fella Christian says you're going to play that's so important?
Well how come you want to play this King fella?
There never was a man worth a damn, to my mind, who let his woman stand in the way of the thing he had to do.
Damn right you should! I'm telling you, that boy going to make your stomach ulcer bleed before the night is out. He's close to murder. I seen him give a fella the shakes so bad on a fourth card, it took a pint of corn liquor to settle him down.
Bound to. That Lancey ain't human, he's one of them barracuda fish. He's liable to bleed to death, right on a flush hand before he give up to you. I seen him gut a fella so bad, the fella quit and got up and spit red in the john and went square.
Including my girl.
You got that, Hoban?
Pig don't think so.
He probably thinks Pig's faking the queens. Anyhow, Doc's liable take them both with a straight or a flush.
Fourteen fifty to the queens. You want to take your half hour, Pig?
I got a woman.
See you around, Pig.
Spider Man died kind of slow. First he give them a kidney, then his gall bladder, and then they taking his whole damn stomach. You remember Spider Man, run the dice table down at Turk's Club to Memphis.
That was a pretty thing to watch what you done to Pig with those jacks.
My dear, that young man is a stud poker-playing son-of-a-bitch.
My woman told you.
Well who the hell's was it then -- Schlaegel? --
Like Eddie the Dude said on his deathbed, I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
You are known Papists.
Name his price?? Ten years I've been flogging bric-a - brac and I miss "name your price" by one bleedin' minute !
are turned on.
The pickpocket. He has no idea what's coming.
referring pickpocket?
PICKPOCKET tugs at the wallet,
What do you know of the Not a lot you!
you raving on about?
them, boss.
Haddock alive.
PICKPOCKET.
Are you ok? Poor fella
No, no. You see . Yesterday, nearly caught the pickpocket been terrorizing the town.
Pickpocket
You want to be careful . Haven't you heard? There's a pickpocket about!
No need to than k me !
HADDOCKis standing
You don't HADDOCKis
You!
his face! Hurry, HADDOCKleaps
my escort, Monsieur Shuggair Addeitiffl Yes,
Make way, make way! Medical emergency! HADDOCKstaggers
TOM, ALLAN, YOU BLITHERING IDIOTS, DON'T JUST STAND THERE, DO SOMETHING
Yeah, do your little neck thing.
Tell me about it. Medicine’s all about covering your ass these days. Say, weren’t you pre-med down in Lincoln?
Look, I know I said it was going to be a small party, but it’s not my fault. I make two or three phone calls to close friends, and look what happens. Everyone comes. Nothing else to do in this fucking city after 10 o’clock. This I do not understand. It’s not as if so many people have work in the morning. Is the worst trait of small people -they are lazy. Not all, but most. Like this lazy guy. Konrad! KONRAD is an older German in nautical attire -- turtleneck, double-breasted blazer -- helping himself to a splendid buffet of both normal-sized and small gourmet foods.
I am your neighbor, Dusan Mirkovic. And neighbors are friends. And friends tell friends the truth. Okay, maybe sometimes I’m a little bit asshole, but the world needs assholes. Otherwise where would shit come out? 142
Paul, you are full of surprises. You can do this but you work shit job answering phones?
Husband head explode. Head explode. From teeth. She come here alone, no money. I meet her she work maid first host family, rich Leisureland people. Now she sick, no more work.
I know you no like cleaning. I too big boss, you try run away from me. No, no.
survive TV box, everybody die. I walk around no foot, take care for other peoples. But I woman. Feelings.I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
How are you feeling, kid?  You don't look so bad to me.  In fact, you look strong enough to pull the ears off a Gundark.
Now will you move along, little fella?  We're got a lot of work to do.
You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.
Bounty hunters.  We don't need that scum.
Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler!  You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled.
How you doing, you old pirate? So good to see you!  I never thought I'd catch up with you again.  Where you been?
What are you talking about?  We're not interested in the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon.  It's fixed!  Just open the door, you stupid lump.That rascal!
Yeah.  I'm punching what I got through. Speaking of things priestly, Paula says I should tell you - if you work me tomorrow night, your tush is excommunicated.
Deal.  But Jack?  Give SWAT a push.  I got a hunch these sickos are about to move.
No shit.  Anyhow...it's all there.  Tagged and bagged.  Expect you boys'll settle the pencil-pushing.
Yeah, wait.  I remember.  Misfit with a Beau Brummel complex?
You're talking about current events.  This sucker's suposedly over 300 years old...!
Found your McGuffin.
Just coopereation.
Shut up, Lane.
Steven...my kid!  Turnit on, goddamit!
Happy New Cent'ry!
Niobe. They
Sguiddy's got all
fellas.
Niobe.
Niobe?
Goddamn, it's
So it's really up to you. You just have to make up your own damn mind to either accept what I'm going to tell you, or reject it. Candy? She offers cellophane.
Niobe of the the Councillor's
These fellas work for my husband. They do his dirty work. They're very good. Very loyal, aren't you, boys.
this is Niobe.
and Niobe
me, Niobe,
is no time. NIOBE
you too damn much.Tristan Thorne. Well I never. A peeping tom as well as a bastard. That's quite a curriculum vitae you've got there. Is there no end to your charms?
Sal, you old hag! This lightning's far too good for the likes of those cheapskates at the Wall market. They all laugh. Ferdy hands over a bag of COINS and the Captain leads his crew away. 97
Mind you don't wear that wench out, Captain Tristan!
Lowery! I'm dyin' of thirstaroonie!
You can do anything you've a mind to... and bein' a woman, you will!
You men and your egos.
stoned
Mary Martin. You're crazy if you smoke these in a car, Patsy. The Texas troopers have gone crazy. Flao knows this one fella in the Engiish department where a trooper was following him so he swallowed his grass--so they scraped his tongue and used that as evidence. He's going to get five years.
back real
I was so earefree.
you, the blabber:nouth.
Shit. CUT TO:
But propaganda is just dandy when it serves your stinking revolution.
Now could you know anything about revolution? You're just a damn queen.
You atheists never stop mentioning God.
Fascist Killers!
Shit, don't you know any other movies?
Dammit, how do you expect him to talk if he can't even see the bastard's face?
As soon as he recognizes the old guy across the hall, he'll spill his guts. Remember every damn word he says.
And all homosexuals are that way?
It's called a ZIPPER, Hodgy...Quitter.
Howdy, Miz Lampert.
You know what I want, Miz Lampert...
Come on now -- sure you do. An' you'd better give it to me, Miz Lampert -- cuz I ain't foolin'. No sireebob!
It belongs to me, Miz Lampert -- an' if you don't give it to me your life ain't gonna be worth the paper it's printed on. You savvy what I'm sayin', Miz Lampert?
You think on it real careful-like, Miz Lampert -- y'hear?
-- but sneakin' in there on your own that-a-way, why, man, you was bound to get yore tokus kicked. I mean, what'd you think he'd do -- walk up 'n' shake you by that hand o' yores?
If you do find the money -- you won't forget t' tell us about it, will you, fella?
Oh, I ain't worryin' -- but see this pudgy little fella here?
There's an old riddle about two tribes of Indians -- the Whitefeet always tell the truth and the Blackfeet always lie. So one day you meet an Indian, you ask him if he's a truthful Whitefoot or a lying Blackfoot? He tells you he's a truthful Whitefoot, but which one is he?
Why not a lying Blackfoot?
Whitefoot, of course.
Howdy, Miz Lampert.
This ain't no game, Miz Lampert.
You sure nuthin's missin'?
Nachurly. Jus' like I'd tell you.
What -- like Scobie?
What a nut.
I'll tell you what, fella -- you want t' find me, you jus' turn 'round -- from now on I'll be right behind you.
Sorry, fella --
Hairy balls. Gracie!
What is wrong with you, man?
You gotta lock this place up, man. I got an NA meeting in 15 minutes.
I just gotta kill these guys.
Because Sarah and I just don’t feel that Jefferson is the kind of environment-SAUL Will you listen to yourself? You’re burdening them with your fears! Just because you got your ass beat down doesn’t mean they will.
You got beat up, Dad? No.
No, not recess yet. Can you please sit on your ass and not your head?
An ass is a donkey.
An ass has an ass.
It’s how we say shit in school. Swear jar.
Oh my God. Who told you that? Not all Arabs are bad.
Shit-ton, huh. That’s a lot of shit. You want a back massage?
Tucker, you asshole! Dad, look what he did to my dolls! 33
I have to get back to work, you smelly fuck. Just get out here and take care of this dog. She takes off. Jonah steps out of the trailer and unlatches Kugel from his tree. The dog lavishes love upon him as he watches Janine walk off. Jonah is smitten by her. 35
What the hell happened to your hair?
Today we are going to Mr. Miyagi the shit out of this fence.
He backs his butt up against her and shakes it like Shakira.
No, no nothing like that. Just stuff like, you know... making his dick talk. A bolt of electricity runs up from Aidan feet...
Are you the Jerry with the talking dick?
Anyway... that lovely lady in the back is here to make sure I don’t fuck up and ruin your careers.
I've never been to Earth. I've never even slept over at some other dude's house!
Look, it's okay for me to shit the street. But you gotta use a toilet.
Yo, man, I think that devil guy just got ripped off.
See something you like, my man?
Doesn't sound very good behind there. I hope Nicky's kicking some ass on Earth.
Boogerland!
Your juicy, heart-shaped ass.
You're a jerk.
Nobody's as evil as my brothers. Those dudes put the wick in wicked.
Get your head out your ass, ref! The kids came to see the Globetrotters win.
Not again, fellas. It kind of hurts.
We had the greatest afternoon of my life until Adrian made me tell her she had a heart-shaped ass.
Whoa, that chick must be the real deal, then. Later on.
See ya, fellas.
You got the wrong window again, man.
Looks like they're following a giant trail of bug shit.
You get your ass back up there. You save your father!
Emperor of the New Hell.
Urrr... uggh...
All boobs and no balls.
You mambo?
You were the best Devil, boss, the best Devil!
I can't screw.
You want a queen? Got one right here.
Fudd?
...You a motherfuck-- oh, hello Mr. Gudge, how we be this mornin'?
Cut, goddamnit. His canteen fell off.
Ya damn skippy.
...Better yaself!
But Mr. Gudge, she had an ass that could pull a bus. This lady was fine, fine, dandy, divine.
It's just my way of sayin', well, goddamnit, I don't know what it's like walkin' in your shoes, bein' all tightass and all, and you don't know what it's like to walk in my shoes, but, well...
Ya damn skippy.
...I'm thinking, though, that since I lost my finger -- I mean, literally lost it because of that goddamn cat -- maybe I should be excused from this thing. Hard for me to squeeze a trigger anyway--
You wanna talk to her, Ruben?
Tell whoever she can't come to the phone, she's all tied up.
You messed with the scene.
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead!  Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.
You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank?
Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good.
Sure.  She likes you, Rube.  She likes the way you move.  She sure as hell isn't in love with me.
I like women like that!
Or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat.
What I love, the big fight, some girl, she drops the quarter on her boyfriend so the bastard spends the night in custody, just to teach him a lesson.  We'll get a shitload of those.
Because I'm his damned pin-up girl! His, all of them!  They know me. They're in prisons with libraries, they collect clippings, I'm their worthy opponent.  You keep my name out of this.
You're right.  I can't stand that bastard.  Sorry.
Now listen up, Ruben.  You never, never, never mess with somebody inside the case!
Plus I got real problems.  I'm worried I might have to put you in over M.J.  There's something going on here, the Commissioner is targeting her now, I can't leave a woman in that position.  But the thing is, how can I move you in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole?
I don't want the job.  Don't do that to her.  She's worked too damned hard for it.
I put my ass on the line, giving you that.
Sergeant Halloran is it?  I've got a list of Daryll Lee's correspondents.  There is a Peter Kurten among them. Daryll Lee claims he has information about Kurten, but he'll only talk to Dr. Hudson personally.  Nobody else.  The creep's been studying his amendments.  My guess is he doesn't have zip.  Just angling for a chance to ask if her bra size is still the same.  We get this shit all the time, but it's her call.
I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you?  That son of a gun...!
Cut the crap.  You got a sheet the length of my arm...
...that I resent the tone of the Police and their attitude?  That this is just some weird queer event, just because they couldn't stop this guy until he did himself, if you even believe that...
Goddamn it!  This is brand new! Where're you going?
For God's sake Peter, leave her out of it.  You don't want her, you want me.
It's all over, Fred.  They got the guy.  You go home to your own bed now.
Calabrese. I just got his ass -- on candid camera.
Now you got half a mind, old man.
He was the most unstoppable sonofabitch I ever knew.
I was on the case, trying to find who pulled the trigger on you. But it was like swimming through shit. People kept telling me to back off. Then one morning, the phone rings. Immaculate Heart Emergency: someone ran my mother off the road, her back's broken, she's paralyzed.
Get Sonny out of that school, O'Mal. Right now. With me alive and making a stink, whoever's on that film is going to be looking harder than ever for Sonny -- just to get to me. Get him someplace safe ... three thousand miles away if you have to.
You!
On no! Lepers! Lepers in my neighborhood!
You're incorrigible, Anouar.
Fuzzy is not uncommon. I tell you, there's something about the premature babies of alcoholic mothers. They seem susceptible to every damn thing that comes along.
Why does Dr. Larch *do* tht every night?
No, you jerk.
You ought to cut that shit out--it's terrible for you.
And this here sensitive-lookin' fella is Muddy. The less said about Muddy, the better. Ain't that right, Muddy?
Out lieutenant's calling you, Homer. Mind your ass.
Jack, you gotta watch your language 'round my daughter.
At least King Kong knew what he *wanted*.
Just say you're in the *apple* business, man. That's the only business you wanna be in. Just say it.
Mind your own business, Peaches.
You ain't goin' nowhere in the middle of the night, girl!
Please listen to me! *Both* of you...
You forget yourself, Homer. This here's my daughter! You got your own mess to deal with--ain't that right?
Who *live* here in this cider house, Peaches? Who grind them apples, who press that cider, who clean up the mess, and who just plain *live* here... just breathin' in the vinegar?
That's 'cause I sticked my *own* knife in the wound--after she go, I sticked my *own* knife in there. I poked it all around, I just tryin' to find the same place she got me.What's the kid gonna say - sorry? Meanwhile I'm not here anymore. Like last week - we were at the morgue and this guy was all chopped up - spleen here - liver there - his heart in a pan. Six hours ago this guy was walkin' his dog or buyin' a quart of milk.  Who knows?  But some kid's robbed him for $3 or some shit and shot him and now you can't tell if he's a piece of beef or a human being and I'm thinkin' that's me. Sooner or later.  That's me.
I know you man.
Oleg, get in bathroom, stay there and shut up!
Hey, tabloids paid Ted Bundy - famous serial killer - half a million for his interview.  And how much you think Monica got for writing book about the President coming on to her?  It pays to be a killer or a whore in this country. Look, you want magazine or not?
Tommy Cullen.  Heard a lot about you. Nice to meet you.  Here's what we got. A girl in there, figure her to be a prostitute, looks like she was fighting for her life.  She's got defense wounds on her hands.  Right this way - in the bathroom.
Any of you guys take a piss lately?
Just a minute.  Shit.  And I don't have a camera.  Hold on a second.
I know.  Relax.  Take it easy.  Don't worry, we'll get those fuckers.
Don't worry about the damn phone.  I won't answer it.
Tommy, get her outta here.
The mugger.
Ludwig?  He's gay - are you jealous?
Get your hands up!  Get your hands up!
You wanna be a real American?  Go for your gun.
I don’t want to go on at you, Jesus, listen to me. I’m beginning to sound like your Mum. Not that I’d know what she sounds like.
Ooh wow. What about you? Last time I saw you, you were working at that bloody electrical place. Yeah...
At a rave.
That’s harsh. These are not sad old fuckers. These are rich, interesting characters.
‘Cos the pub’s called the Winchester. Exactly.
Ooh she likes you. Shut up.
Which one do you want? Girl or Bloke?
Mum! I was just going to call you actually. Is everything okay? ED’s ears prick up. He instinctively stubs out his fag. Yes...
Well as long as we’ve got nibbles, we’re saved. That must be why Shaun dragged us here. Dragged us here and buggered off.
We’ve got Mini Chedders.... David-
Where the hell did he come from?
I think you should go man.
Turns twelve years old, suddenly gets a mouth on him.
Perez, what the hell are you talking about?
Our Dr. Schaefer. The one who's always grabbing everybody's ass.
Am I supposed to read that? Was it a sprain? Was it a broken wrist? I can't read that scribbling. I mean, I have to bill these people. I know you doctors are the ministering angels, and I'm just the bitch from the Accounting Department, but I have my job to do too. I mean, if you don't mind, Doctor...?
Are you Mitgang?
If you want a private room, go on home, and I'll call you the first one that comes up. But you're the one who phoned me in a panic, you're going on a vacation. For heaven's sake, Willie, they'll cut this polyp out tomorrow morning. You'll be home Thursday, you'll be in Miami Friday. Marilyn, will you talk some sense into this lunatic?
Have you got some punk named Ives rotating in your department?
My God, if there is a despised and misunderstood minority in this country, it's us poor impotent bastards. Well, I'm impotent and proud of it! Impotence is beautiful, baby!
And I'm not going to throw all that down the drain because some cockamamie activist group is show-boating for the television cameras! You get those people out of those buildings before a wall collapses or a fire breaks out and we've got a riot on our hands!... Okay!
The only time I ever saw anybody conk out like this, some jerk switched the nitrous oxide and the gas lines.
She's fifty-three, you buttonhead!
Her chart says Mangafranni. Her bracelet says Mangafranni. The only thing that isn't Mangafranni is the woman.
All right?! That son of a bitch is trying to wipe me out! My partner, the eminent orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Noel Hogan, is a miserable thief. And he's trying to wipe me out!
The son of a bitch has been draining the company with phony purchase orders on another company, of which, it now turns out, his wife is the principal stockholder! Transparent fraud! I'll send him up for twenty years!
I came in here just to get a lousy polyp cut out.
Everybody bock away.
By God, if you want to take over this hospital, you take it over!
Ees a great fucking watch.
Like one sowsan bunker out sair --
I think the Saddam story goes more for the jugular, journalistically speaking, I mean, he's still here beating the shit out of his country.
Where the hell are you going?
We kicked ass.
Bullshit, we saved Kuwait, man.
Fuck that, we liberated Kuwait.
There's a document in that guy's ass, Conrad.
Excellent. Let's translate my Iraqi ass map.
You're on the path to truth when you smell shit, isn't that what they say?
May I look at the goddamn map?
I mean, I could take the map, but you could talk, it starts to become a pain in the ass for me, so we'll do the gold together.
Let's see. They had the shit bombed out them for two months, they're deserting all over the place, and they've completely surrendered to us. That's a beaten army in every sense of the word.
What is the art of war, because it is not for killing people, it's a stratagem to give life to many by killing the evil perpetrated by a few -- I am burning up in this goddamn suit --
Did you notice they didn't touch us?  We decimated their entire country. They're scared shitless of us. [looks at his watch] There's time to try another bunker. I say we go.
I know ya'll Shiite gettin' yer asses whipped --  Hey, what the hell is going on here?
Goddamn it everybody calm down.
I'm henpecking you.
I'm not breaking your balls, Doug, I want to find these guys.
You are the blind bullshit, my main man.  It is so obvious he like the small boy so he all the time travel with them.
Michael Jackson is Pop King of sick fahking country.
Shit, I'm sorry, sir, I don't remember how the code goes --
Where the hell is he going now?
C'est super, Archie, you got yourself a pain in the ass mission of mercy.
Goddamn it, Ron, give him medical attention, don't let him die --
They helped us get it, Ron. I made a deal, and that's soldier's honor. You can't fuck them now.
He's being a dick.
She got you there, dude.
Maybe. Detainees could withhold his location for any number of reasons. Perhaps they don't know; perhaps this Abu is just a cover story and he's really a fucking unicorn. The withholding doesn't reveal what you want it to - does it?
Several people in BLACK BURKHAS.
Possibly. But Al Qaeda needs doctors and they are short staffed and that could explain his rise. In six months to a year, if he doesn't fuck up, he could be called in to treat bin Laden. And at that moment, with 25 mil on the table, I think he gives up the Big Man. And if he doesn't, we kill him.
Now, I just need to get Balawi's ass down here.
Get you hand out of your pocket!
The good news is he's driving a white SUV. SUV's are actually pretty rare in Pakistan. If he was driving a sedan or a compact, we'd be fucked.
I'm saying that's Bushra. The brother's wife.
You think this is political? If this was political we'd be having this conversation in October when there's an election bump. This is pure risk. Based on deductive reasoning, inference, supposition and the only human reporting you have is six years old, from detainees who are questioned under duress. The political move here is to tell you to go fuck yourself, and remind you that I was in the room when your old boss pitched WMD Iraq...at least there you guys brought photographs.
I'm about to go look the President in the eye and what I'd like to know, no fucking bullshit, is where everyone stands on this thing. Now, very simply. Is he there or is he not fucking there? He looks to the Deputy Director.
I've got half the British government breathing down my neck. I don't have time for your nonsense.
New mistress.
Wade, what the hell are you doing here?
Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy -
Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide.
Let's have some action, let's have some asses wiggling, I want some perfection. Whawhak!
Hee, hee -- I know you wouldn't want to spend the whole night with ol' pencil dick.
Uh...make mine a virgin.
Do you know Morris?  Do you know what he's about? He doesn't care about you.
The Duke of Dick is in rare form tonight.
I woke up the next morning. Nicky wasn't there. I looked all ov'r all I found Was a phone number on the stairs. It said thank you for a funky time, Call me up when ev'r you want to grind.
My stage is no place for your personal shit!
Morris is squeezing you, kiddo.  You better kick ass tomorrow night or else.
around the corner FULL OUT!  He streaks by Morris and KICKS him flat on his ass into the garbage--
Howdy, city slickers. Welcome to the Long Branch. No fifhtin', no cussin', no g,m-slingin. Y'all can mosey up to the bar and have yourselves a Red-Eye fruit punch.
But watch what you say to our bartender, he's an ornery cuss. CI.ARK
You suck. AUDREY
Get your butt in the earl
He: muroblYou are so damn sexy.
Screw this dump.  It's a roach motel with sequins.  Every guy I meet is either married, a cop, or a lush from Des Moines.
A what? When are you qonna wake up?
Busy cops.  We don't have time to be bodyguards for anyone who comes in here with some cockamamie story.  Mink coats and laundry chutes.
Nuns, Eddie.  There are nuns here. Everywhere.  It's crawling with 'em.
You mean black people?
You should hand-wash that blouse, and send somebody out for some things.  I look good in reds, purples, hot pink -- and shoes.  Five-inch heels.  Fuck-me pumps.  Oh, man -- sorry.   'Scuse my mouth.
Leave her alone, Lawanda, she's just some ol' nun!  Don't pick on no nun, it's bad luck!
Those girls were asking questions. They've got it rough.  I wish somebody had talked to me about that stuff when was their age.  I wish somebody would talk to me about it now.
Whatever.
I was thinking Las Vegas.  Get some butts in those seats.
No smart-ass remarks or nothing.
But I’m not taking your name, buster. I’m a feminist!
God, I’m a lucky sod.
You are taking the piss?
I don’t even know you, hunky-dunky, and I love you already.
I’m just screwing with you.
Oh, come on. You’re like the Yoda of escorts.
To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you.
But, somehow, it was Kat’s arse that was stung by nettles. And you rubbed it with a dandelion leaf.
Jeff was just reminiscing about your girlfriend’s backside.
I’m a hooker.
At least somebody’s using the damn thing.
Oh, cut the crap!
So you can’t dance, eh? Bloody liar.
--and The ass of The man who adores her.
I forgave her when I thought it was just some bloke. Bugger it. Why Jeffrey?... Let's go, people! Tardy lock- out starts in one minute! Get your butts in gear! One minute, people! Move it!
... Damn skippy.
Hey, shut up! Y'all too damn loud, man!
Shut up, foo.
Okay, fellas, off the table. Put the Walkman away. I said put it away...
What the hell's going on here, lil' sister?
Whad up, Farfie?
It's not real. We're studying teen parenting in home-ec.' It's computerized, so it cries and shit.
No speaky Engless.
Know what I think? I think that Chacon punk's the one who opened your bungalow this morning.
Nice scar yuh got there.
Mr. G, you gotta nice butt.
Don't pay no attention to them. They jus' tryin' tuh fuck wit' you, Mr. G. I mean play wit' you.
Sorry I said you had a nice ass.
Shut up, Cesar.
Is it me or is Garcia a real asshole?
Just cause you're a Latina doesn't mean everyone's racist against you.
... He's lyin', man.
I know about what's not fair. I left part of my lung in a damn hospital because some gangbanger didn't like the grade I gave him. Sometimes you do all the right things. You work hard in school... get a good job... pay your taxes. Things still go bad.
What kinda black man are you?
Yer crazy.
... Don't let that Littleton punk get to you.
... I had the same situation 'round the time of that 'Night Stalker' thing. Remember that? Whole city was scared shitless. My wife was convinced the frickin' mailman was the 'Stalker' for about a week there.
... 'Course you can never be too prepared. My pukey lil' Davis .380.
Where'd you jack 'dis car from, homes?
'At's nasty, man.
You disrespectin' me, vato?   You sayin' I ain't a man?
Because you're a wuss.
American girl say something, but nobody believe her.
Bad man want to kill me.
Twenty bucks says he fucks it up.
What is this shit you put on your hair? Honestly, it’s awful. BRANDON shakes his head, at a loss. Shampoo
SISSY, happy, walks back to sit down at the table.
Morning, asshole.
Oh, wow, look at that ass. I could follow that forever. DAVID glances back at BRANDON
SISSY
Sissy, get out of my room?
Hey, where’s Brandon? Are you Brandon’s girlfriend? Do you want to play? SISSY looks closer, mildly appalled.
Do you wanna play with my tits? I know Brandon would really like it.. And I know exactly what Brandon likes. BRANDON picks up the laptop and heads towards his bedroom. SISSY takes her coat and leaves the apartment. 74
Brandon, it’s Sissy.. I really need to talk to you. Please.
How the hell should I know?! Independent operator. Look, can we continue this conversation in the car, `cause I'm freezing my balls off standing out here.
Keep listening. If `Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree' comes on, yell like hell.
When they act tough, you call theirbluff!
Uggghh: Yeah. Probably.
They say I have the best ass below 1'4 th Street. Is it true?
Ugggh.
And Pussy Galore. CAMERA PANS BACK to Mark, walking with Joanne.
You got your wife.
Can't commit 'to anything.
Make sure Roger writes his song. And Mark finishes his documentary. And get M~mi off that pipe, get her shit together. All of them. Alright?
It's right that today's Halloween. It was Angel's favorite holiday. I knew we'd hit it off the moment we met. This skinhead was harassing her and Angel just walked right up to him and said "I'm more of a man than .you'll ever be and more of a woman than you'll ever get."
Oh - shit.
You hear stuff like that all the time.
Guns don't just walk out of crime scenes. Marchand waves copies of Crawford's evidence - stills printed from home-video Dick took at a hostage negotiation: Nunally doing his job, his methods, his routine.
Willy, go home. Tomorrow you go back into court and take your lumps - then you start your cushy new life, and you forget all about this one.
This man is going to kill his wife.
I was interned at Essen where I was treated very well.  We listened to the Nuremberg trials on the radio and when Goering committed suicide, I bought half a bottle of schnaps and got drunk.  When I was released, I put wheels on cars at the Essen Motor Works until I retired in 1963.  In 1967 I emigrated here, to California, and became a U.S. Citizen.  I am as American as you are.  I vote.  No Buenos Aires, no Berlin, no koo-ba. And that's it, my whole story.  I hope you're satisfied. But if not, it's, as you say, tough shit for you.  Now, you go.  Enough of this.
Take it easy, Jesus.  It's just me, flinch- man.
Todd loved that dog.  A lot more than Dick did.
Sure, what the hell.
Ah, you’re a buckeye!
DO you??? Do you have any idea how this will play at the shareholders meeting?? It’ll be a blood bath! A goddamn blood bath!! We’re sending the back up team now. We’ve just got to do an all out push on this town.
Listen this whole door to door thing just isn’t gonna cut it. You wanna sell to these people? You gotta get ‘em all together or not get ‘em at all. Sue looks at him.
You’re kidding me, right? I’m Steve!... I’m the guy you were just talking shit about at open mic night! Ah!
Son of a bitch! At that moment Steve sees, parked in the driveway of the upcoming house... Dustin’s car. Pull over. 42
Holy Shit... Walking up to Steve... is Frank Yates.
Whatchu drinkin’, scotch? buyin’!
And the worst part, the WORST part is you ain’t some slick suit wearin’ city shark. No sir... you know these people. You seen these people. You come from these people. And you still go for the kill.
Well, why don’t you explain it to us. What the hell are we missin’ here?
The room is silenced.
I was 18 years old and I ran all the way home holding three months of our mortgage. I was so damn
Holy Shit.
Sir, "this Marine pisses av gas and farts blackpowder, Sir."
Cause she looks at everything cockeyed...Like Picasso - she said they called her "Picasso".
Yuh. Whaddaya gonna do...?
How'd the puppy like it out there? He piss in the punchbowl?
They've got a white slave ring, in Dubai, with American girls there - are they going in?
Fella wants to buy my car.
...he was off boffing his girl.
The girl ain't dead, baby, you're dead. You see: that's the difference.I'm sorry. I can't. Shit... She moves away, tears suddenly in.her eyes. He gives a concerned look, lets her have her space. A beat.
Yeah. And happy. And excited. : And proud. And scared shitless. It' s funny. All the same feelings I had when I was pregnant with our others.
When you were juuust a liuittle
Max. takes care of him all bir herself. It's her big girl responsibility.
Dude, your sister's a.total spazl
Maybe. It just reminded The of what Sister Abigail said.. We really don't know that much about her.'- The last 'family she-was with could have been - like, "Pass the fucking potatoes" at the dinner table for all we know. '
Look at these three cutiesl
FREDDY'SLAUGHrERis still
He's f'ree!
Oh saitl On
Jus I like
God damn, you're good.
You watch that mouth of yours, Drew buddy.
Look at this, Junior here practically shit his pants.
Oh my Goddd!!!
Oh man, he's gonna kick my ass...
Drew, you get your ass out here! Front and center!
You want some advice, friend? You get in your car, you pick up your family... and you get the hell out of that town.
Stop it, man! Stop it!!!
This is the Police, come out of the house with your hands up!
You mean those creeps.
My ass is freezing.
Your ass is always freezing.
I don't know nothing, man.
In other words, you want to get laid?
Look, I know this chick Niki. She works at Les Girls. She would know. Honest.
Jim Rucker runs this place. He knows where everybody is. It's a nice place. Hires a lot of girls, but they don't pay shit.
Why? Are you a sex fiend?
'Was.' He and that shitheel Ratan went down to T-J. Maybe I shouldn't say that. Anyway, I hear he's back in Frisco now.
I felt like such a shit, pilgrim, after what I did to you -- not that I did anything wrong -- that I kept investigating, poking around. There's some poor s.o.b. in L.A. with his face all bent out of shape who you've damaged his movie career. Lucky for him, people don't look at his face.
Rucker.
I don't know no Tod.
I was downtown looking for a ... a friend.  A guy I know.  Anyway, there was this store.  Like real old?  Lotsa weird shit in there.  I saw this statue. Pillar.  Thing.  I knew he'd love it. You've seen the club.
Hi.  Now listen.  And listen good.  I'm the Station Manager at W-QQY.  For the last half-hour you've been dicking around with my assistant.  Let me tell you something.  With or without your co- operation we are making this expose.  I assume you're smart enough to guess which version is going to make you look good.  Now, if you can't put one hand on that cassette and the other on a FedEx man's butt within thirty seconds then you damn well better put me through to somebody who can.
Hey, you didn't fuck it up with me.  You know that.  It was my fault, babe, it really was.  And you know I'm sorry. And I'm sorry to see you upset now.  I hate to see you in pain like this.
Having fun en route, you bastard.
Tippecanoe and Tyler, Too!
They're Oppressed.
I need the following here.  Right now:  Johnnie Green, Liz Butsky, and get me the Fad King.
Ya got to hand it to the Fad King.
No, no.  Look, lookit:  I think it's a mistake, well, I'll tell you why:  you got'em by the balls, Squeeze.
The Fella Killed Old Shoe.
He goin' t'see the Big White Muthuh...
Haw, look at 'im, big 'nough to eat apples off my head an' he mine me like a baby...
Jesus, you're crazy, McMurphy.
So long, fellas...
Ain't this a pisser?
Through the ass.
Martini, there ain't nobody there, ya dumb goon! Go get the ball!
Hey-ya, hey-ya, come on, come on, I'm waitin' on you suckers, you hit or you sit...
Boogered!
Oh, Lulu had a baby, His name was Sunny Jim, She put 'im in a piss pot, To teach 'im how to swim. Oh, he swam to the bottom, He swam to the top, Lulu got excited, An' pulled 'im by his... Cock-tail ginger-ale, Five cents a glass, An' if ya don't like it Ya can shove it up your... Ask me no more questions, I'll tell ya no more lies.
But then I got to thinkin', the music is so loud already, it makes it difficult for the young fellas to hold a decent conversation...
Well, I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head, when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there, an' I said to myself, McMurphy, I said, that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think, Doc?
It's your dirty roll, Cheswick.
Not that one, you crazy bastard, that's my house...
Put your money where your mouth is, Taber.
Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business.
Bye-bye, pussy cat.
Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here!
Come on, don't crap out on me now. We got two buddies out there!
Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella.
Hey, hey, you ding-a-lings, you creeps, you goons...
Just fine, Billy boy, just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar! They checked my plugs and cleaned my points...
Yeah, well, let me tell ya somethin'... While I was up there gettin' in-lightened, I came up with one hellava plan...
Now you talkin'.
Jus' playin' the game, sucker...
How's your ass been holdin' up, honey?
Yeah, well, he looks like hell!
Take you han's offa me!
Is he one of the loonies?
Smells like piss. Is this real, Candy? Is this really real? I mean we are in an insane asylum, an' I wanna know how we got ourselves into this scene.
Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
Don't you sweet talk me you ol' spook, you!
Bibbit? Where's Bill Bibbit, ya damn goons?
Batman doesn't kill? Bullshit.
Oh you are most obscene, my frightful grotesque.
Don't listen to her. You're every girl's dream.
Master Dick?
Back off, man.
Hell, Harv, old pals. I'll kill me for you.
Goddam it, Skipper... I haven't seen him in two months.
This is Cooper, what the hell do you do on this ship, anyway?
I'm in the Second Containment area. It's pitch black in here. There must have been a coolant leak. Man, this shit is everywhere. I can't see a damn thing.
Smith, where the hell have you been?!
Our secondary objective is finding out what happened to this ship and its crew. Two months from now, I fully intend to be standing in front of the good Admiral giving my report, and I'd like to have more than my dick in my hands.
John Kilpack.
About goddam time.
Dr. Weir! Hey, get your ass back on board! Dr. Weir!
Thanks, fellas.
Son... What in hell are you doing?
Oh, I heard about this li'l fella. Mr. Creed beat him to hell.
Man's got a hard head.
--and you're killing her!
Ha. Your pig fianc� is too late. A few more steps and we'll be safe in the Fire Swamp.
See? Didn't I tell you she'd never marry that rotten Humperdinck?
You! Brute! Come here.
You surely are a meanie.
Your Majesties.
Mawidge, the bwessed awwangement, that dweam wiffim a dweam...
And do you, Pwincess Buwwercwup...
It's possible, pig--I might be bluffing--it's conceivable, you miserable vomitous mass, that I'm only lying here because I lack the strength to stand--then again, perhaps I have the strength after all.When you gonna get married, Marty? You should be ashamed of yourself. All your brothers and sisters, they all younger than you, they married and they got children. I just saw your mother inna fruit shop, and she says to me, "Hey, you know a nice girl for my boy Marty?" Watsa matter with you? That's no way. Now you get married.
I don't know, Ang'. Wadda you feel like doing?
You not ugly.
I came up to dance, wadda you think? You here with somebody?
You can't just walk off onna girl like that.
I wake up this morning, I hear the baby crying. So I wake up. I come in their room. That girl is shaking her hand atta baby. I said, "You brute! Don't you strike that baby! That's my son's baby!"
Wadda you think?
Wadda you so sore about?
I don't know! She don't look like Italian to me. Plenny a nice Italian girls around.
She's a wr'.cre.
yo'i c:,mpar:y
had an affair
thcdgh. r don'::
Oh? Yeah, vagina.
You got our to lock up.
in Godard's Belmondo cal ls Seberg a bitch. "Degeulasse". We saw it at the Thalia with the Dicksteins. I got you in for a children's price. You were pregnant with Walt.
Try to get the b londe, she looks a young Monica Vitti.Don't feed my boy your horse-shit, Mr. Parcher. GERTRUDE SPACKS, carrying a quilt, looks back at them. in her early 50's, attractive, rich.
That ain't horse-shit, that's history. Boy ought to learn where we come from. They arrive under the tree and Gertrude spreads the quilt.
Skinny woman. Parcher looks at him.
<You Blackfoot? Minneconjou?>
I'd rather walk in the right direction than run with my head up my ass. We're running short of daylight, we'll camp here.
Came off an Injun. Big buck named Sackatabacky.
We don't find those settlers ‘til he talks, so he don't eat ‘til he talks. WHO FED MY GODDAMNED INDIAN? H.V. kicks Dull Knife in the Stomach, doubling him over. Chewed food flies from his mouth. H.V. picks up a loose stirrup, a metal buckle on two feet of leather strap, an impromptu LASH. Everybody watches him, Parcher and Clay get to their feet. Walnut?
...You raise that gun and all four of you'll be on ropes in an hour. Clay stands holding his gun. H.V. stands holding his lash. Dutch looks like he's about to piss. Parcher gets up.
Christ, Henry, he was just gonna shoot you a little bit. And if Dutch fed him the same shit your cook fed us, he ain't no happier'n he was ‘fore he et. Leave it rest.
He says he likes white men.
You been doing real good, Dobie.
You mean ruther'n got drug off? Clay nods.
He's white.
What does it mean, "to holster in the ass?"
God damn if you ain't the dumbest white man I ever met. They're all still crouched between the dead horse and the pile of fallen birch. A stiff BREEZE moves through the forest, RATTLING the leaves.
Shit fire. The horse is dead, Walnut, call it what you like. Parcher shakes his head. Then reaches out with a gloved hand, and pulls a bunch of leafy vines from the base of a tree. He squints at it in the darkness. Parcher makes a CLICKING noise in his throat, thinking.
Hell, no. John Clay'd piss on us from heaven if we turned back now.
Ute Indians know how to kill them.
Where do we find Utes?
You boys look bushed. We're already in Ute territory. Couple hours shy of the Watangwa. Parcher spits.
Whatever them Indians cut me with, it's got my brain racing like a... like I was a young man again. I feel lucky. Makes me wish I could move my god-damn arms.
<We look for a missing white family. Burrowers took them.> The Tall Ute leans down and MURMURS something to the Short one. He nods towards Parcher.
The Tall Ute is moving towards Parcher. Stay back!
Well, you know what gay means? Obviously.
I’m going for a piss.
I don’t know, mate, you’ve a got a built-in rest there. He points to the cast on Calum’s hand. Calum laughs.
... Whoa. What the Hell happened to that guy.
You lying bitch. The voice intrudes in the way an alarm clock intrudes on a dream. The sudden awareness that the alarm is real, and the dream is not. CUT TO INT. VILLE PERDU/HOUSE/FRONT ROOM - NIGHT - LENA opening her eyes. Sees THORENSEN and RADEK.
RADEK finally reacts.
Eat it, you son of a bitch! A hollow thump - as the grenade is fired. Then an explosion high in the air, like a firework, momentarily lighting up the sand and water. Then a moment of quiet. Waves lapping on the shore.
Closes the door behind her.How about a ride, m ister? Mar ty turns and s ees JEN NIF ER s tand ing in th e driv ewa y.
W ait a minute, Doc, what are you talking about, Doc? W hat happens to us in the future? Do we become assholes or something?
What the hell is going on here? CUT TO:
Marty Junior. You look like him, too. Tough break, kid: it must be rough being named after a complete butthead.
Liste n, Gr iff, do n’t you go loa nin’ th at Mc Fly kid any m one y — even though he probably needs it...him and his old man both. Biff exits, leaving Marty dumbfounded. Marty watches through the window as Griff points out to Biff some problem with the finish on his beat up junker. Also present are Griff’s gang, a girl and 2 guys: SPIKE, WHITEY and
So, M cFly, h ave yo u m ade your d ecis ion ab out... t onigh t’s little op portu nity? Marty reacts with increased concern.
Are yo u sayin g “no ,” Mc Fly?
All right, punk, you’ve been looking for—
You’r e hom e, Mis s. Yo u got a little tra nke d, bu t ever ything ’s fine. Can you walk?
Yes. .. playin g slam ball. Both Lorra ine an d Ge orge have white hair, a nd m ore w rinkle s, bu t gen erally lo ok h ealth y.
I know, I know, but who’s got 3 extra hours to spend at the hos pital?
All right. Einie, pick up Jen nifer’s sce nt. You go t it? Einstein barks.
Marlen e! Don ’t talk to your fath er like that!
Des troy it? B ut wh at ab out a ll that s tuff a bou t hum anity, findin g out whe re we ’re go ing, a nd w hy?
Dad, stop! You’re breakin’ m y stuff!
Dave, m y God, wh at’s happ ened to yo u? W hat’s hap pened to the town? What’s going on around here?
What are you talkin’ about, Dave, I’m under age!
He steps back from the monitor, enraged and shocked. Suddenly, A HAND clamps down on his shoulder: Marty finds himself facing 3 thugs: SKINHEAD, MATCH and 3-D — Biff’s cohorts from 1955.
Always the little hothead, huh?
Ok ay, Biff , you w in. I’ll... st ay.
Mom , wha t are yo u sayin g? Yo u’re a ctua lly defe nding him ?
Leave D ad? M arty, are you fe eling all right?
“Author shot dead in apparent holdup enroute to receive book award. Police ba ffled, sea rch for w itnesses .” A ph oto o f Ge orge McF ly acco mp anies the s tory.
Holy shit! In the back grou nd, D oc’s auto ma tic DO G F OO D M ACH INE , attac hed to a ca r batte ry, activates and dispenses Einstein’s dinner.
First you tell m e how you got it. How, w here, wh en... Biff s tares at him , then sm iles slyly.
He says this book’ll tell me the outcome of every sporting event till the end of the century. All I have to do is bet on the winner and I’ll never lose. Naturally, I think he’s full of it. So I say, what’s the catch ? And h e says, no catch. Ju st keep it a secret. T hen he says “Biff T annen , you’re one lu cky guy.” After that, he disappeared and I never saw him again.
How wou ld you lik e to m ake a lot of mo ney?
Biff m ust s till have it on him !
Tell m e abou t it!
Yo, Doc ! Succ ess! I’ve got it!
Hey, butthead!!! Marty stops and turns: BIFF is near the fire door. He has a bloody mouth.
Nobody calls me chicken. Marty tak es off his jacket a nd throw s it down. T he walk ie-talkie is in the pocke t. He approache s Biff. Biff sm iles. Behind his back he has BRAS S KNU CKLE S on his fis t.
I know, D oc, it’s... beautifu l... Doc ’s 195 5 dog , Cop ernic us, w him pers as w ell.
Look , Doc, ab out the futu re — you r future, I m ean...
Huh? It’s BUFORD “BLACK BIFF” TANNEN: jet black hair and beard, and mean eyes, just like the pictu re we saw in the d ocu me ntary. He’s accompanied by 3 cronies, STUBBLE, CEEGAR and BUCK.
W ell, lookee a t these pe arly whites! I a in’t never se ed teeth this straight what warn’t store bought. Nothin’ here, Buford.
Well, shorty, why don’t you show us how good them fancy ass sho es ar e for danc in’.
Just be cause your hors e threw a shoe is n o reaso n to shoo t a blacksmith.
W hat do you sugge st? CUT TO:
In ab out 1 0 m inute s, he ’ll be as sobe r as a pries t on S und ay. Marty checks the clock. 7:44.
Is he now? Well, I say there’s a difference between being yellow and being stupid. And only a stupid man would go out and get h ims elf sh ot for no go od re aso n. No , sir, I’d s ay this young fella’s got a noggin full of horse sense.
Seamus McFly. Right... from Ireland. I’ve heard of you. You start ed th e wh ole fa mily.
...but this poor feller had the worst case of broken heart I ever see n. Sa id he d idn’t k now how he’d g et thro ugh the re st of h is life, knowing how much he’d hurt her. It kinda got me right here, listenin’ to him go on and on about his Clara. Clara reacts.
Em mett!
I’m right here, Tannen. Marty’s ha nds are emp ty and he w ears no gunbe lt.
W hat a re the se th ings anyw ay?
Marty, don ’t... Marty puts his hand on his stick shift. Marty look s at the sto plight. Red . The inter secting ligh t goes fro m G reen to Ye llow...
The Cam aro ro ars o ff like a bat out o f hell! Marty’s truck just stays there.
Yeah? Cause Mike says you've been slacking off, horsing around.
I'm sure you do. But I'm half-asleep and you're an ass-hole.
I know. I'm gonna get my shit together. For Leal, this time,
Back the fuck off! LANDSDALE comes from left of nowhere, twists the gun from her hands in one unexpected move. She spins, SEES Carrigan approaching -- and recognizes him instantly.
You kidding? I'm pure-bred Dakota. I can hear the mountains talking to each other. And I saw you light up those pricks like Chinese New Year last night. They reach the trailer. Nomi fixes glaze with a stare.
He's burning the house, man! He's
Well, I'll tell you, I got nineteen brothers out there willing to go the distance and enough firepower to give a small Balkan nation a fucking titty- twister. But we don't come cheap. So how many men we going up against?
Well, I say bring him on. You see this ink? That's a hundred hours under the needle. A motherfucking canvas of pain. He and Chester here, we're not afraid of fuck-diddly!
so fast that molten asphalt spumes from behind like lava. -- so fast that the goddamn camera can barely catch it and -- B-BOOM!!! The hellcycle breaks MACH 1, SONIC BOOMS rocking the landscape as we --
His secret? Oh, I thought you'd all realized. He's the one who's blackmailing you all. There is a flash of lightning and a CLAP OF THUNDER. This information comes as a bombshell to all of them. COLONEL MUSTARO stands .up again. 'You :bastard!
Or her. It's what Mrs. White said in the Study: Otie.of you .is .the killer.
But ihy did they kill all those peop e?Trilling's there. Van Doren. English Professors. Important fellows. And New York City, right in your goddamn lap.
You don't wanna go down there.
To Walt Whitman, you dirty bastard.
Take this unbloomed stalwart. 20.
"Await the girl who fassinets."
Kill your darlings.
A queer.
Take this unbloomed stalwart.
The damn cat!
Sammy, you bastard. 42.
Listen to me, this whole town's full of finks on the 30th floor, writing pure chintz. Writers, real writers, gotta be in the beds. In the trenches. In all the broken places. What're your trenches, Al?
Jack, old chum. I'm on a hospital ship now. My guts all tore up.
All the district attorney cared about was if David was queer.
Get laid, Bugay. BUGSY
You've got to get your kida
Because people know ae as Bugay.
I was workina menhaden in
I've been in bad patches ao aany ti•••• then 111<>tored hoae with ao much •toclt, land-locked boy• like you had to pack thaa rifht on the 1 fiah pier.
c4ptain Tyne. Andrea CillilCfptain' Billy Tyna, come in.
W.'re co■ing ho■e!
at llockawayl You
Spock, what in the hell are you doing out here!Damn.
It's the damn holidays, if yoo ask me. Generally speaking • • • they suck.
MYRON
MYRON
FANG
OOOOCh! Why, you little -Okay as in you got laid? Harry.
Um, Susie, did you happen to-HARRY Dude, you didn’t tell me you were getting laid. Harry.
I’m not getting any poon.
I love your mess.
What’s wrong with you, man?
What Women Want! Yes!!!
You know what, Mort? plenty.
The tits?
Sure you can. That’s what you have over every other poor schmuck out there with a broken heart. You can write about it.Hey, bad throat, huh J-man?
Do you wanna make things easier on me?  Now tell me where you were because this is, this is bullshit.  You can say anything to me, I hope you still know that.
Hello Constance.  It's me, Lloyd... nothing, I'm just driving around... she broke up with me... what do I do?  Can't she come back?  How can I get her back?... I can't think, talk to me... I fucked up... I feel like crying... she gave me a pen.  I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen.
Dude, where'd she dump you man?
Man, you never had a chance with a girl like that.
Christ Lloyd, what's happening to you man?
You're freaking out here man.
You've gotta get her out of your head, man.
Th~y pummelled the pissant Zeds. You could almost feel sorry for them. Those Zeds have numbers, but no discipline, no technique. And more important, no pride.
somehow this bloke escaped, got through no man's land, got over that hill.
••• the self-portraits. Scattered around the world. Pain in the ass putting them together. we have most of them. we lost the one at the Frick. That thing in New York was a real blow to art.
Look at him. An old Dutch bloke. Filled with remorse. He's saying something. can you tell what he's saying? Theo looks
Paris n'est plus la ville des amants. It's real hell down there.
'Sposed to be suave. Pretty you cheedo.
Could get the same shit - way cheaper from the Zeds, but Syd liked buying from him. Straight chap, a true gentleman. God bless him. Kee MOANSwith sudden pain. Miriam.
with the Zed?
She'll cry. When she's wants Monnny.
Show her where your breast
with the Zed?
at Kee's breast.
You met him. Pimply bloke.
Then Jerry calls Syd. The Fishes in Bexhill are .looking for you. So Syd thinks, the cops are looking for them, the Fishes are looking for them, these blokes are bang-up conunodities. And a baby? That's capital.
And you know what happens when people assume. They make an ass out of who?
And just like that, Vivienne Westwood kicked my sweet little suit's ass.
And that was all Steve had -- didn't have money -- didn't have a career. He was the good guy bartender with a big dick.
And just like that, Charlotte Pookeepsed in her pants.
I love your books. You're shit's brilliant.
But I type like a motherfucker.
Oh, shit -- that's him, right?
Oh, shit -- I'm sorry.
New Yorkers are so damn attractive - - Even the Mayor is hot.
Did you ever think you'd see the day -- me with a pooch.
Everything except Dante's dick.
You'll find some other girl... but she won't have my style.
What is it? The nomad slowly shakes his head.
You don't know my girl.
Some hophead drove a land cruiser through it. Put Tommy in the hospital. Did you know him?
And they take the temperature on the roof. Down in the streets it's a damn sight hotter.
Kid's got shit for brains, but he'll work out once he knows the ropes. It ain't brain surgery! Mo nods down to the lower floors.
What can I do for you? He looks past her.
Sicilian manuever. That's how you beet computers when you play 'em. Machines don't understand sacrifice and neither do morons. Chief cuffs Vernon hard across the ear, sending him tumbling from his stool.
WHY DON'T YOU COME AFTER ME, YOU LITTLE POWERShe's a local. When the dudes come out to New Mexico, they went to wallow in Latin glamour. This is a bad town for blondes.
Hey man, you had some funny shit tonight.
I'm just fucking with you. You had some funny jokes in there. Good writing.
Holy shit, you got seven hundred thousand hits in four days.
There's some funny shit in here. Not a bad ratio of good jokes to shit.
I'm leaving at four tomorrow to go to the gig. You want to come check it out, see if your shit works?
I can't believe I'm having sex with Davey!
I don't think I do. I thought I did. I got a lot of people I know, shoot the shit with, fuck around with. But I realized when this happened I'm not close to anyone. I had no one to call. My friendships are Hollywood friendships. When I was lying in bed I couldn't think of one person I wanted to share this with. Maybe it's me, maybe I never got close to anybody.
That's very gay.
Come on, are you kidding me? We all want to be you. Most of my comic friends are just doing a bad impression of you. People love your shit.
I was the hat-check girl at the Improv. And I was acting. I used to do guest spots on all those shows, like Melrose Place, Beverly Hills 90210. I always played the bitch. I don't know why, but I was on the top of the bitch list.
You don't seem like a bitch.
I couldn't believe you moved out of LA. You were getting some good jobs as an actress. You got to play the bitch on Melrose Place for awhile and make out with Andrew Shue. That was pretty good. Do you miss it?
People never thought China would do this much business with us, you know, but it didn't seem like a risky proposition for me. They've got a billion people, we make all kinds of cool shit in America, they start finding out about it on the internet and what-not. Sooner or later they're gonna find a way to get our shit.
You don't think they want new mobile phones? A new X-box? I'm trying to get access into North Korea, no shit. That situation could chance overnight. That is a huge market waiting to be tapped. It's already starting in Cuba.
Hey. I'm the last guy who would buy into that shit, but it works.
Our country's only two hundred years old. The Chinese have been around for thousand of years figuring this shit out. How I got into it, I had acid ref lux and nothing was working and then this guy at work turned me onto a Chinese doctor and he gave me some herbs that tasted like dogshit, but they worked.
You girls can go play in the other room. The Chinese have a completely different way of looking at health. They don't think doctors should attack the diseases in the body, they're all about trying to support the body and make it stronger, so the body can fight off the disease. It works. I've seen it. I wish I could find a way to mass-market Chinese medicine in this country. Someone's gonna do it and make a fuck-load of money. Because these people get old, really old. You can't kill these people.
I have to talk to them for a minute. Mable, go wipe your sister's butt.
Can you wipe my butt?
That guy was a douche-bag.
On your lunch break. Twelve-thirty. Doug SLAPS down the calender"s page, STOMPS out of the office. Bank half-rises from his chair, calls aftf:!r the old farmer. Doug? Shit •••
Oh, son, I'd love you if you was the color of a baboon's ass. They hug. Navin is hugging his Mom, trying to absorb this information. Taj, the eldest, sticks his head in the door. TAJ
son, don't never, Whitey.
low-riding Buick drives ominously and noisily into the station •.. Inside are four roughlooking PUNKS. The car undulates as it comes to a stop. Navin comes to car.
Oh, my Godf Navin races
C'mcn, lady ... You gonna sit there all day or are you gonna move?
Wow! First I get my name in the phone book and now I'm on your ass ... bey, I'-11 bet more people sae this! They snuggle.
Are they crazy! If I w~s a feller I'd be around all the time. MARIE
Patty's funny ... what a character ... We' re not married ... My ass is clean. You can look .. .
want to get spit
Okay, little fella,
I decided to quit when I cut myself shaving and only air came out. My rent is due, and it turns turns out Shithead is allergic to commercial dog food. About the only thing he can eat is medallions of white veal sauteed in butter with shallots, finished with white wine and lemon slices. Navin flames
Shithead, I know where she is. Now I can find out why she left me •.. plus I can deliver this message from her mom about this carnival bum Nathan Johnson -wait a minute ... Shithead, she didn't mean Nathan Johnson ••. she meant Navin Johnson, that's me! So that's it! So that's why she wouldn't marry me! She didn't want her mother's blood on her hands. 200
And we found a way to gee around this fair housing crap.
want to be a corn pone.
Hey, any of you bums ever of Navin R. Johnson?
Now looky here, you realise if I give you money, here’s the only place round where you can spend it Johan!
I dunno kid, quit askin’ me shit
All I’m sayin’ is in my day we tried to keep out o’ the papers. You youngsters tryin’ to get in em makes no sense
And all I’m sayin’, Skell, is I want folks to respec’ me. What's the point in dyin’ if nobody knows you dead. Same goes for killin’ SKELLY spits a gob of chewed tobacco into the fire and looks around at his audience and clears his throat
He says “you jealous bastard, trying to get your own poster”
Bullshit MARIMACHO smiles
Hell?This bloke she was bunked up with.  This Terry what'sit.
Near on ten years, wasn't it?  Long enough to know her way about, I reckon.
I did my time, okay?  My sister, her ol' man's up in Chino right now doin' eight years.
You kiddin', man?  I don't need a wife and screamin' kids.  I still got my youth.
But I'll tell you something.  She stood in front of these dudes, man.  Eyeballing them.  Checking them out.
I felt like she was covering my ass that day.
What you gonna do, man?  You gonna go to the cops?
Not me, man.  I'm no drug dealer, what you think.
But that's not me anymore.  That's when I was into the gang lifestyle.  That's not who I am now.  Five years in the joint -- that's it for me, man.
You're in gun country now, my friend.
Looking for a bloke named Valentine. Know him?
Yeah.  I know her, all right.  She came down here once, stirred up a shitstorm. We lost a full day's work, took me weeks to get back on schedule.  If she hadn't a' been Terry's woman I would've broke her jaw.  'Course, she's nobody's problem now.
I was skint -- didn't have no money to get here.
Yeah, saw Eddie, yeah.  Me and him are muckers.
Eight hours difference between here and London.  Would've been, what, ten in the morning, my time.  I was just coming out on the yard.  Now, I was in the habit of saving my newspaper till then.  Bit of fresh air, stretch me legs -- well, stretch the day out, really, that's what you wanna do.  And I'll tell ya:  I couldn't open the paper.  Could not pry the pages apart -- it was like they was glued together.  That's how weak my hands went.  Thought I was having heart attack, only I knew I wasn't.  Bloke come up to me, he says, Dave, he says, you've gone all white.  I said, fuck me, I've been in prison half my life, what d'ya expect. But he was dead on, 'cause I could feel the blood drain right out of me head.
Flipping heck.
Great bloke.  Really turned things around there.  180 degrees.
Looks like they just airbrushed the dick out of his mouth.
Look, mush, you're the guv'nor here, I can see that, I'm on your manor now, right.  So there's no need to get out of your pram.  I'm Johnny-come-lately to all this.  Whatever the bollocks between you and this slag Valentine, it's got nothing to do with me.  I don't wanna know.
Bloke told me.
"He ain't wrong."  Listen, I know this asshole who did just go to work for him. Full-time.  And this dickhead's parents just told me he took a road trip up the coast.  That's the type of individual gets hired, someone who'll shoot his mouth off to his family while on the job.
Yeah, I suppose.  Call 'em that, yeah. Down the boozer Saturday night.  Meet some of the lads.
The lot.  The whole British bloody Post Office.  I had a brilliant plan -- all worked out -- work of genius, it was. Could I get anybody interested?  No -- they're too busy pinching orange squash from the milkman.  Lazy sods.  Jumble sale on in Watford, they'll be up at the crack of dawn.
Well, time off for good behavior, you know.  I shouldn't have even been there -- it was these other blokes who shoulda gone in my place.  I got lumbered with the job they were responsible for.  I don't mind pulling me own cart, but not someone else's, know what I mean.
If he is, half the town has seen us take him out for dinner like a couple of jack-asses.
You gotta try melatonin. I gotta bottle in my warbag I’ll flip you. Pop one an hour before bed and stay off the laptop. The screen fucks up your circadian rhythm.
Nick, did you let that asshole go?
Race of people.
Tonight we got the trifecta. Full moon on a Friday night in a Summer heatwave. The streets will be seriously assholed-up and we’re spread thin as Royce’s comb-over. One of the officers, ROYCE, chuckles.
Yo. Unless you wanna die, drop the sword. Right. Fucking. Now. Wow. Ward can be a real asshole. The Man tosses the sword. Drops to his knees. Shows his hands -- He knows the drill...
You fucking heard the Detective. How many Orcs play pro basketball?
This guy’s my brother. He’s the best street cop I’ve worked with. I can’t fuck him like that.
Then you’re fired. I want your
I don’t see it, man. California thing.
Shit dude, look.
Yeah, it’s Old Elvish. Suddenly a FIGURE bursts out of hiding, scrambles out the door! Shit.
The kid isn’t saying shit, she’s freaked out. Plus she doesn’t speak English, only Elvish.
You got it. Wanna be taller? Shorter? You want a bigger dick? You want fame? Power? Eternal health? That wand is anything you want. Follow your heart, Ward. A beat as Ward looks in his heart...
The troops were coming. Responding to an assault on a peace officer. And here’s a kid matching the description. He’s fucked. A bunch of jacked up humans with guns. And an Orc kid? We know how it ends. So I did the right thing.
When the little homie told me, I’m like ‘hell no’. A wand? In this motherfucker? Naw. Then I hear all these cops are blasting each other. Now that’s worthy of exploration. Jakoby, noting how close they are, gets behind the driver’s door...
Shut up, man. I got this.
Tranquilo, ese. No one’s coming for them or they’d be here. These fools got no ride, no back-up and they’re leaking blood.
Shut up, man.
Shut up dude.
‘Real Orcs’ don’t give me any respect, I ain’t blooded so they treat me like I’m nothing. Since I was a little kid. And humans hate me cause I’m green.
Mind if we drill down a bit on what you mean by ‘fucked’?
The crazy ass conspiracy theorists? They just hand out fliers on the corner. It’s bullshit.
This night’s gettin’ better and better. Ten FOGTEETH ORCS pop out in unison. Big, bad, scary and pissed off. We may recognize them from the party. Ward knows they’re fucked. But he can’t help smiling...
You!
Was I talking to you pinkface!?
That kid, man. The Orc kid I let go.
This is a prophecy. We’re living prophecy right now. We’re just little people man, people they don’t write about. But tonight’s like the old days of the Heroes. Like Jirak doing epic shit.
We could leave. The binding spell’s off the wand right? ‘Cause the witch is dead? We can’t run and can’t hide. Consequences or not, we gotta get to a hospital, man. And get out of this fucking neighborhood. Yeah.
Get Tikka out of here.
Listen to your Orc.
Get Tikka out of here.
Easy friend. I got the drop on you. Let’s not have any mistakes here. I need you to slowly lower your weapon. Jakoby knows he fucked up...
Well you'll be a geezer one day too, smarty-pants.
So this dumb-ass Richmond doctor takes the x-ray... then he goes to check on another patient down the hall. Arthur discards a king.
I saw all of that pain in your face and I understood it... and I felt an overwhelming feeling of love for you because I knew I'd never feel sorry for myself or my goddamn foot ever again.
This Bevilacqua fella... if he tries to contact you or Norma... you have to call me immediately, you understand?
I’m good, smart-ass, I said that already... Now why don’t you open your gift...
Shit...lemme just [clean
Hey, I wouldn't shit you guys.
Don't mind if I do. King hits the joint. MANNY
I'll sleep with ya', King.
Jump, you crazy fuckers! Laughing and shouting, Little J, Brenda, Greg and Crasher jump onto the roof of a passing boxcar. Crasher stumbles and nearly drops his ghetto blaster, but quickly rights himself. ON THE OVERPASS
You're twice his size, man.
You can afford it, dude. Shit, you got a maid.
What, you run out of questions already? Well, shit, I don't know. Have I shown you this one?
Faggot. 55
She was only looking at you. And who can blame her? •cause you're standing there yelling like some drooling old nut. The image cools King out. He chuckles weakly, then clutches his side, because it hurts him to laugh. He slides wearily into the seat beside Heather. KING
You're a jerk.
Greg: I love you, man. You're like a brother to me. But it ain't cool of me to be fronting you dope. You're just getting strung out on something you can't afford. No: you come back when you got some cash.
Well, shit ... we got the room ...• got the beach across the street ..•• It's a good set-up. And if we could pull in forty or fifty bucks a day spare-changing on the pier, shit! We'd really be in business.
fuck yeah.
Get that stinkin' thing out of my face, Blain!
Man, that's a real bad habit you've got.
Heat seeker.  Pretty sophisticated for half-asses mountain boys.
I knew this man.  Green Berets, out of Fort Bragg.  What the hell were they doing in here?  You got any answers for this, Dillon?
I know what you mean, Bull, but don't sweat it, me and 'ol 'painless' here are watchin' the front door.
You're hit.  You're bleedin', man.
Shit, Pancho!!!
This is beautiful!  More than we ever thought.  We got the bastards!
Two days...that's all we had. In two days, three hundred of these bastards would have been equipped with all this.  After they crossed the border, it would have taken a year to stop them.
We've been lookin' for this place for months.  The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down.  Hopper                        * was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up,  I had to stop there bastards.  We were so close, we couldn't quit.  We couldn't sleep through this one.  I needed you, Dutch, can't you see that?
Major, we stepped into some real shit here.  I got a hook-up with aerial surveillance.
I'm getting my men out of this damn jungle, Dillon.  She's your baggage.  You fall behind, you're on your own.
I've seen some badass bush before, but nothin' like this, man.
I hear you bro, this is some shit.  Makes Cambodia look like Kansas.  Lose your way in here, man, you be in some kinda hurt.
Couple of sappers been trailing us all the way from the camp, Major.  Billy heard them.  She set us up, ran for it...They were waiting. I should've wasted the bitch when I had the chance.
Roger, Blazer One.  1030 hours...damn, bastards.
Bullshit.  You ain't afraid of no man.
Holy shit, Mac.
We've got to get the hell out                      * of here, now, while we've still                    * got the chance.
No way, Dutch.  I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here.
You know me, Dutch, I never did know when to quit.
Like lions, tigers and shit? Royce rises. Looks him square in the eye.
So what?! Look at us, man, we’re bleeding too! Nail on the head.
Cuchillo. You did the right thing. But you wasted a bullet. She incinerates him with a glare.
You crazy fucker. Books for the exit. Too late. Framed at the mouth of the cave, the outline of a monster. Noland takes a step back... and raises his hands. Calmly:
Who’s winnin’?
My penis speaks to me, Father
Let me think. It wasn't all that pleasant. I mean, it was consensual and everything, and I really was in love with the guy, but his dick seemed enormous to me, I didn't think it would fit. It was scary. But he was nice. I guess he couldn't help it.
What's his dick like?
Stop thinking about it.
Is’t known who did this more than bloody deed?
Goes Fleance with you? Pausing to look back:
How now, you secret, black, and midnight hags, What is’t you do?
And be all traitors that do so?
Every one that does so is a traitor and must be hanged.
All my pretty ones? Did you say all? O hellkite! All? What, all my pretty chickens and their dam At one fell swoop?
The devil damn thee black, thou cream-faced loon! Where got’st thou that goose look?You see?  Being an ant is being able to say, "Hey -- I'm meaningless, you're meaningless."
Have you been to Insectopia?  Have you?  No, ya goddam larvas!  But I have...
Dammit, I'm proud to be an ant.
No such luck.  Those dirty terms are five times bigger than us, and they shoot acid from their foreheads!
Don't tell that tightass anything, Weaver!
Man, your girl is fly, know what I'm saying?
Say the word, Z, and we kick their butts.
Oh I'm easy-peasy and a pussy cat rea11y. You're 1aughing. See, I'm funny too.
Me and my dudes started a collective. Good, you're All the way.
as JOSEPHINAleaves
your Purlfoy
.:rust know demand has people kill.
llhat have you done?
in punk, crashing in dirty rehearsal rooms, screwing anyone who had a bed. You can't live on sunshine. It was on that point Polly and I parted.
as MORFrushes
I'm seeing things. I'm hearing things. Unexplainable things. Impossible things. And this is hard to say as an adherent of the here and now and denier of childish belief but something truly goddamn strange is going on.
DEASE. His altered mental state, tortured soul, phases of the goddamn moon -- I don't know how but these deaths, the disappearance, everything that's now happening, it's all connected to his art. Imbued with some spirit. Created out of some vital ideal.
The DEASElooking back at us
Wish I didn’t have to see Tibbs. Got a face like my nut sack. Out of his exoskeleton, So Long stands on next-gen prosthetic legs, partially obscured by his cargo shorts.
If that Aussie is the needle, this is your haystack.
What do you know, Doctor? Harting bites his tongue. Doesn’t like having his nose rubbed in his mess.
So Long and Bloodshot wrestle, So Long trying to keep his opponent underwater with him, but Bloodshot won’t drown. So Long SCREAMS underwater with his last breath, a final air bubble rolling out of his open mouth... And Bloodshot flips the bird at him in farewell. Breaking free, Bloodshot returns to the surface -INT. POOL ROOM -- and climbs out, spewing water from his mouth, just as Tibbs steps in, noticing So Long in the pool -TIBBS Son of a bitch. Like an animal, Tibbs turns on Bloodshot -- beating him -Just as he’s about to deliver the death blow -- KP intervenes and GRABS his hand -KP We’re not murderers.
Give it to the Lesbians. They love a banner.
I’ve never met a lesbian before.
- Giving these poor sods the shit we usually get. Now these mining communities are being bullied. Just like we are. Bullied by the police. Bullied by the tabloids. Bullied by the government.
Good. Congratulations all of you. You are the founder members of Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners.
What happened to Gay Lib, Jonathan?
And a Dyke.
And a Dyke.
Pervert.
Alright. So, keep your head down. Do the paperwork. Don’t start stirring it all up, inviting a load of gays and lesbians SIAN Oh. That’s it, is it? You know, I had you down as many things - but prejudiced was never one of them.
Because they’re not. Esther Rantzen isn’t a lesbian. My Mum’s not a lesbian.
Every woman is a lesbian at heart. Every woman is a lesbian at heart.. 51
I guess, we just JONATHAN I think I’m starting to freak out, slightly. MARK steps towards the door just as it swings open. It’s GWEN. She sees them, blinks for a moment, then shouts GWEN Dai? Your gays have arrived! 57
Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners.
Now. I’m hoping you can clear something up for me about lesbians.
I grew up in Northern Ireland, I know all about what happens when people don’t talk to each other. That’s why I’ve never understood What’s the point of supporting gay rights but nobody else’s rights. You know? Or - workers’ rights but not Women’s rights - it’s - I don’t know - illogical.
Gays?
Carl HEFINA steps forward HEFINA What’s going on?
It’s you lot, is it? The gays? A beat. MARK is scared but defiant. He nods.
I’m a woman, Mike. Okay? I’m also a Lesbian. And a Feminist OLD LADY
I’m in Wales. And I don’t have to pretend to be something I’m not. I’m home. And I’m gay. And I’m Welsh. A bit of a cheer.
I’m a gobby, Northern Lesbian, Gwen. I tend to scare them off. GWEN opens a locket round her neck. A picture inside.
‘For many years now we have been force fed an agenda that has represented homosexuals, first as victims, now as heroes.
It’s the men, Dai. They’re already being supported by their wives and now this. Gays. The whole country laughing at us. It’s about dignity. A beat. They just look at each other. The UNION MAN softens.
Now, there is a long and honourable tradition in the gay community and it has stood us in good stead for a very long time. When somebody calls you a name - Am I right about this Gethin -?
Pits and Perverts is being organised by London Lesbians and Gay Men Support the Miners group RAY Got the name wrong.
We’ve never been to a gay club before.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the gays, to the straights and to the as-yet undecided. Welcome to the Electric ballroom, Camden, for this, the first ever - Pits and Perverts benefit ball! A huge roar. Music pumping. LGSM and the DULAIS women are watching from the gallery, CARL and GARY roar their approval over the crowd. JOE snaps pictures - it’s fantastic. 138
How do you get into that leotard then?
Hefina Heddon, put that back immediately.
Good. Piss off. All of you. Leave me alone. MARK turns. MIKE watches him go. We see MARK’S face as he walks away. Pale and grim. 170
New van. Courtesy of our gay friends down in London.
Then you’ll have to stay here. In you get, lads. Quick now. The MINERS start to pile in. LEE looks murderous. 177
You a lesbian then, love?
You stood up in a room full of miners with only six other gay men and a Lesbian for protection. Yes. You’re a member of LGSM, Bromley.
You’re a mad bugger. I’m taking you home after that. In the van. No arguments.
It’s you we're taking care of, you daft sod.
While you’ve been away, I’ve been changing my act. You watch. Demure and accommodating, that’s me. The Lesbian Lady Di.
Mike? I behaved like a prick before. Do you forgive me? Everyone looks at MIKE. A beat passes between them.
Where are my Lesbians? Where are my Lesbians? She finds ZOE and STELLA and the three of them squeeze each other. DAI DONOVAN is hugging MARK and MIKE now.
They're shitty.
Is that you, Tolbert? This isn't very funny, ya know. I'm hung over. My knees are killin' me. If you were gonna pull this shit, you could've at least said you were from the Yankees.
Oh hell, yeh, I work out every day.
Hey, what do we have here? Guy looks like a fuckin' toilet brush. Hey, T.B., I love your pony tail. And the earring's cute too. Where's the matching bracelet?
Yeh. Would I bullshit about somethin' like that?
C'mon, Dorn, get in front of the damn ball.
They're shitty.
A librarian? Shit, I gotta start readin' again.
Showed some real power on that one, Slugger.
Nice throw, dickhead.
So what is it? You're still sore I never read Moby Dick?
"Moby Dick?" What is that?
This isn't the California Penal League, Vaughn. We're professionals here. We don't tank a play for personal reasons, so cut the crybaby shit. You've pitched a helluva game. You wanna finish it, don't ya?
Hey, I can understand not wantin' to talk about baseball when your nuts are in a vice like this.
Ya know, these guys aren't so fuckin' bad.
Ah shit, here comes Lou. Gimme a break, Mel. I gotta get outta here.
I guess so. Did you really read "Moby Dick?"
Well, shit, all these pitches to choose from. Maybe we'll try somethin' different this time.
I don't think it's gay.
You thought it was gay.
Okay what you said right there? That was a little gay.
G r e a t . -How i s everybcdy?
Oh, you poor dear.
Well I t h i n k p e o p l e a r e gonna l o v e it.
John, this i.smy boyfriend, Sack.
He's just foolim around. So how long have you and Claire been together, Sack.
Very c l o s e t o t h e Jews.
~ ' v eg o t t a go.
What's your probiem?
You da ' mar..
?here' you a r e !
You h a v e n ' t been t o church i n a l o n g t i m e have you? O f c o u r s e . It's a l l confidential.
John felt my tits!
Like your a t t i t u d e .
See, crashing weddings, pretending to be someone you're not to get laid? You don't do that in spite of who you are. You do that because of who you are! Don't get me wrong. It's a compliment. You're a genius at bullshit. That's why you're so good in the court room. And that's why you're so good at crashing weddings. It's who you are.
I t ' s t h e Jews!
This is for cleaning and descaling brick, stone and concrete and for metal de-rusting. For concrete you must mix it one part to four parts water. Brush or spray it on with the equipment here then leave it five to ten minutes to set, then rinse it off. But for those stubborn son-of-a-bitch marks use it neat!
Well I've had to pull staff off other wards to search this goddamn place top to bottom. We found nothing.
Pemberton can be like that. He works nights with that other son- of-a-bitch Hardcastle. They like to throw their weight around. You'll get used to it.
Jesus Christ Palmer! Now put the weapon on the floor and back away.
A lot of things. The way they run things for starters, the orderlies are complete bastards.
Hey mister, you need to get the hell out of here, there's a patient going crazy with a gun!!
WHOOSHI A sudden RUSH OF AIR. The leader looks at the girl's neck, his blade's gone. So is his hand. Priest holds the severed limb, its fingers still clutching the blade. The Leader collapses, a Holy Shitl expression frozen on his face.
Killin'.
My ass I In case you didn't notice I was pretty damn good out there! And I sure as hell didn't see you doin' much when I had that blade buried in my arm.
He was meetin' with the local sheriff. A real shitkicker -- Booted me out of town before I could make a single sell. A pause..,.and then the Figure laughs. The salesman not sure how to react.
Walkin' Pete talked about this place -- said it. used to be really somethin'. Everythin' growin' green as a goddamn dollar bill.
Oh Dick, stop! Where on earth did you hear about that?
By golly there she is now! Prettiest gal in the room!
Smoke and mirrors, fellas! That's all it is. You should see her without her face on! Frank laughs at his own joke and a few join in awkwardly.
Is that why you're home? Because of what Dick said? Frank just looks down at his drink, jiggling the glass.
A month of rest and relaxation'! Can you imagine? During the busiest season of the year?! I mean what a goddamn honor!! But I guess when you consider the bang-up job I've been doing, ever since good ole Dr. Bowman entered the scene! And for being, as Millstein put it - what? 'years overdo'! CATHY But Frank you do deserve a vacation, after all you've given them.
Hey fellas, look who's comin'! It's daddy's girl! Hey there daddy's girl! Where do think you're going?
And give them ten minutes on their own? Or put them in with other guys? Now you've gone nuclear.
No shit...Phil got a Porsche?
In fact, many of my colleagues believe the reason that dogs howl at the moon is because they can't go up there and urinate on it -- which is not, however, a theory which I embrace. But guess who gets all the grant money every year. The bastards... He stares off into space. A bitter man.
And what does it get me -- a twin- turbo convertible that I don't even get to drive, because I'm always traveling and renting shitbox cars in other cities where all I do is take clients out to lunch and tell them how to negotiate their golden parachutes? You ever sit in the driver's seat of one of those renta cars?
No, you get to fly. I get to hoof this shit up and down these godforsaken hilltops listening to stockbrokers brag about getting lap dances from college coeds, and charging the whole thing through the company expense account -- while I can't even deduct my blood pressure medication. That's what I get to do. He kicks a rock in the road, which almost feels good enough so he kicks another one -- but this one is buried in the dirt like an iceberg and doesn't budge --
No one's calling anyone a bum.
Yeah. I’m buying them for my sister and my niece because I told them and they were like no way fuck you and it was a whole thing so I’m getting them now on my way there.
I mean he looks hot but it’s hard to tell, you creep.
Hey. How’s your ass?
Thatta girl. Night sweet Noa.
Hi. How you feelin? She smiles innocently. She slowly sits up on the bed, leaning on her side a bit as to not sit directly on her lack of ass cheeks.
I’m a breast man.
It’s like a fucked up Birchbox. Noa sees a little piece of paper next to the pile with a name typed up. “Kate Farney”. She stares at it. The girl who left her the note. Noa picks up a small roll on perfume with Kate’s pile of stuff. She rolls a bit on her wrist and closes her eyes to smell it. She suddenly opens her eyes and looks at him.
Catch up, pussy. Steve likes this. He chugs his glass and pours himself more from the Carafe drinking it quickly as well. The quiet sounds of the knife and fork cutting the meat and scratching on the plate. Noa eats some salad first. A song plays in the background.
Oh wow. I fucking love this song. She smiles at him.
How reqular is that? Sometimes I think there's a whole world out there I don't know about. Like that shit you read in Penthouse. Stuff like that never happens to me.
to kick his ass.
She's a brick house She's so damn sexy
Thank God you're here, son. Fix my pillow. The Beast has got it stuck up the crack of my ass as usual.
Damn, like to have me a piece of that.
You're looking at my butt.
Wait a second. Now you're looking at g butt.
Donut listen to her.
Aw come on, he hacked him!
She's got to be a lesbo.
Just because she won't sleep with him, doesn't mean she's a lesbian.
At least Gerard's had women. You couldn't get laid with a gold card at the Mustang Ranch.
I think they deserve some privacy. How would you feel if you were making love at a motel and a bunch of giant fish came knocking on the door with flashlights and threw your ass into a bucket with a bunch of other naked people having sex? Damn. Come to think of it that sounds kinda fun.
Shit. Jacqueline helps him up, laughing.
Wait a second. Are you saying this was just some klnd of
You blow it. GERARD
Hey, I'm not the one that got beat up by some Caribbean Munchkin.
I can't help it. I've been kicked in the butt by love.
Hi. We're a friendlv black couple and we're not going ko mug you.-
Aw, come on, son. I never touched her back then but now that wetre both single ... all is fair in love.
You are Unforqettable
Because of the white man's fear of the sexual potency of black balls.
Aw, Jesus.
A bird flew into the living room. Help me get it out. Shit.
Have you slept, Aud? Audrey doesn’t answer.
Stoooppit.
standing in front of him.
I’m here because my friend died. He wasn’t a user, he died in this fucked up tragic situation. He tried to save a woman from her husband and got shot. The husband then shot his wife anyway and turned the gun on himself.
Dory laughs.
You his woman? She ignores the question.
I’m lonely as fuck in town. INT.Vanessa, you're a Fembot!
Right. Perhaps you've confused me with someone who gives a shit.  Might I remind you that I run the show here? I demand a little respect.
I have so few pleasures left to me, Number Two. The key to life is to rotate your vices. One day it's executions, another day it's creamy French cheese.  It's like frickin' heroin.
Those bastards will have to kill me before I let anything happen to this wee naked hairy popsicle, sir!
That sounds easy enough, you know what they say: all work and no shagging makes Austin a dull boy, man!
The heart of the matter is that you are the heart of the matter.  There is no "I" in "team". Beer before liquor, never sicker. Don't take a wooden nickel.  If your pipe is short and your pump is weak, you better stand close or you'll piss on your feet. He who goes to bed with itchy bum wakes up with smelly finger.
Well done, Fat Bastard. May I have the mojo?
The name is Fat Bastard!  I'm the incorrect weight for my height and I was born out of wedlock, hence the moniker Fat Bastard. Hey, I'm not kiddin'. I've got a crap on deck that could choke a donkey.
Fat Bastard, the mojo?
Fat Bastard, in addition to being extremely rotund, you're a vicious killer.
This shag-in is gonna blow your mind, baby, yeah!
You're Thor? I'm tho thor I can hardly thit.
His name is Fat Bastard.
I get my end away!
It's 1969. That movie won't come out for another 30 years, ass.  They don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, baby. Very shagedelic.
What is it! Is it Fat Bastard?
The CIA has always been a boy's club until now. Well move over, this chick's taking over.
But how can we track Fat Bastard?
It looks like Fat Bastard is-on an island in the middle of the ocean.
'WHAT IF GOD WAS ONE OF US? JUST A SLOB LIKE ONE OF US?'
to my tits in clean stinky.
Maybe inside that Fat Bastard there's a thin bastard, trying to get out
Poor little bugger.
Just a little prick!
Penis!Why are we chasing this knuckle dragger if he’s shooting at us? Cross draws out his pistol. It’s old school and bad-ass: a Ruger Super Redhawk .454 11
What's up Diaz? MONSTER DIAZ, a brick shit-house of a Salvadorian, inked with gang tattoos, sticks his pinkie finger through the hole. The correctional officer hits the door with his baton. Alex raises a hand to stop him and obliges Diaz with a "pinkie shake".
You all up in your own shit today. D'you bag another bad guy? Alex takes a bite of his hamburger.
Give my ass hemorrhoids...anyway. Nights, weekends off. More time with the wife and kids.
Me too. I'm a fucking contract killer. The blond stares at him - astonished. Sullivan returns to his own table. He takes off the hat, and puts it on Jimmy's head. It's his anyway.
See that's what I'm talkin' about. You are fine, girl. Halle Berry, Beyonce, don't got shit on you. Alex throws his arm around Maria and gives her a wink.
Can't find anything that connects Fan Yau to anyone higher. Whoever her boss is, he's well insulated.
Hey asshole, leave the staff alone. Sullivan spins around to see Dominic Maggione. Sullivan grins. Maggione embraces him.
He's a little bastard, like me.
Slow down, man. Tell me again. What are you saying?
You're in good shape. Question is, how fast can you run down five flights? 20 seconds? 15? Let's say 10 for shits and giggles. 10... 9...
What the shit? What the shit? The alleyway is blocked with a large metal dumpster. A FIRESCAPE snakes down an adjacent wall. The car jolts as something lands on the roof. 165
Mister po-lease... Butcher of Sligo. That's what he called himself.
You look like hell.
No it's not. Guys name their penises.
Did I mention that the class also loves our new kiss ass?
Try being named after a guitar- playing pussycat.
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom, you are going to be in their same damn limo!
These girls are high schoolers? Damn, we've got some underage hotties on our hands, here!
Geller, stop being a pain in the ass.
Hey Jos. Rob, rufus kegger.
But Humpty Dumpty was alone.
Not yet. Every person in this office comes in here and watches you guys! It's like the goddamn Young and the Restless! Rigfort's salivating over it.
Josie, this isn't a joke. You heard Rigfort. It's both of our asses on the line. This is your story.
Hey, listen--it's prom. How about we let all the old shit go. Would you like to dance?
Goddamnit, Josie! Drop the act. Do you have any idea what I went through every night because of you?!  I was attracted to a 17 year old! When I wasn't taking cold showers, I was trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do when I couldn't teach anymore! I thought I was the one being unethical.
Now it’s Pat slinked against Felt at the piano. While Audrey and Ed do a slow dance. Like ass-clutchy high-schoolers.
When the lion is dead the jackals come out.
You look like hell. Have some food.
Like Angie - Mr. Lano - said we’re still vetting the leads-FELT All the ugly politics, all the dirty money, all this sleaze - it means the goddamn punks are running the country!
Why the hell not?
‘Government lawyer’ could be ten thousand people in this town. They’re semi-hysterical. Felt calm as shit.
There is information in here that the Bureau only got 72 hours ago! Gentlemen, are you goddamn joking??
The guy’s a cockroach. He’d survive a nuclear blast.
Goddammit, Charlie-CHARLIE Look, Liz, I wasn’t planning on it, but she just--. She’s--really angry, you know.
Oh shit, Charlie.
What the hell, Charlie?
Okay listen. You’re just some kid, you don’t know anything, so I’m gonna be very direct. I want you to stay away from Charlie, you understand? He doesn’t need this shit right now. Pause.
Good. That kid is full of piss and vinegar.
That's the bravest damn thing I've ever seen. What's your name, son? Bruno draws himself up in his best salute.
They might be Army, but they've got some balls on them.
Me... I think the men in this room can fly with anyone. Maybe that's because I'm a cocky son-of-a-bitch. But it's also because I know all of you like brothers. I've seen what you can do. You're ready for this.
Come on, you bitch. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The windscreen and instrument panel explode in a shower of glass. Gay catches just a glimpse of the speeding Zero -- it came out of the sun -- and then his plane shudders under another barrage. Gay instinctively tries to bank the plane, but the stick is
Hey, Wildcat. You fire at me, and I'll kick your ass up and down the big E's deck when we land.Who the hell are you?
Where the fuck does he think he's going? Turn us around and go after that cousin of yours. They swing a U-turn and pull up to Tao, keeping pace with him as he walks.
Spider'? Is that what he just called you, Fong?
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm doing, Fong. Sue rolls her eyes and goes inside. Smokie stares at Tao.
That's exactly the point, Tao. Spider told me how everyone thinks you're a pushover, how everybody walks all over you and shit. I mean, look at you, out here working in the garden like a woman. Tao nods silently, but still looks at the ground.
It's true, man. Shit, I used to be kind of a quiet little punk like you, everybody fucking with me. But finally I said no more.' You, you're lucky, Tao, we got your back. Me? I didn't have nobody. Had to mold my own tribe.
Shit ya. 1972 Gran Torino fastback. Cobra jet engine. Mint. Next to the garage, Walt is bent over planting tomatoes. Walt notices the Hmong punks looking at him.
I got one. A Mexican, a Jew and a colored guy walk into a bar, the bartender looks up at them and says -- get the fuck out.' The gang laughs, until they see Father Janovich step up to the bar. He smiles as he recognizes several faces.
Bullshit, this is a bar, what do you want to drink?
Whatever.
Get off my lawn.
Get off my lawn.
Come on, sweetie, don't be like that. You talk to me, don't be all stuck up and shit.
So, that goofball back there. He's your boyfriend?
Whatever.
As they say, When in Hmong.
Hmong people also consider looking someone in the eye to be rude. That's why everyone looks away when you look at them.
Good God, you people are all nuts.
Come on, you glutton, let's go downstairs.
That's one thing I've never been accused of. A bastard, yes. Funny, no. Wa Xam laughs.
Go ahead. I don't care if you insult me and say racist things. I'll take it.
This is for you. Roll of duct tape, can of WD-40 and a pair of vise-grips. Any man who's worth a shit can do half his household jobs with these three things. In the odd chance that doesn't work out, you can borrow something.
That's exactly the point. I know some guys in the trades, but you have to get your shit together. We have to man you up a bit.
This is Tao. He's a pussy kid who lives next door and I'm trying to man him up a little. Walt points at Tao.
Yeah. Be polite, but don't kiss ass.
Just go back outside and try it again. And don't mention you're a pussy with no car, girl, job, future or whatever. Come in and act like a man, Toad. Tao goes out, turns around and comes back in.
Kennedy, you drunken Irish goon, how the hell are ya?
Keep your hands off my stuff.
The hell we won't. We're going to roll in there and tear ass.
Aw, pipe down, you hag.
What’s your name? Sissy is speechless.
Right, Sissy.
It’s Sissy... What?
!uJD, up.
You shoul.dn't
You roall.7
Are you rea
I am Kumilw.
Bill, that machine was made by Japanese technicians who think of damned near everything. It'll run on its own.
If they show that part where the punk's
Fuck mature.
Fenwick, you to ed that car over. You must put it upright yourself. You need some discipline in your life. F.:- i " + 4 1 CK C'mon, guys. It was easy pushing it over 'cause of the angle. 1:'11 be a bitch getting it up.
Woo, biz spender. I'm telling you. They're shaving points on the game. This is no bullshit tip. Get in, guys.
You dgn' t know that for sure, Boog.
Row you doing, Knccko?
You know anybody who's Mot?
Sudde^I Methaa wa??ks away.
See you guys at the diner. Bring some tens. Boogie cockily walks on-with-his arm around her waist'.
It was the 11th... no 10th grade. Billy was playing ball against one of the high school fraternities. I think they were ULP. Billy came sliding into second base-to break up a double play. - The second baseman s Billy, thinking he was out to hurt"hJm Billy punches the guy and the whole ULP team -j=-?.d him. r Beat the shit out of him. They approach the Hudson. Shrevie goes around to the driver's side and opens the door and ge:S inside. He then opens the door for Beth to get in.
It's like stealing money from you, Boog.
Funny. As a little kid I always wanted a brother. I told that to Mom once. She said, 'You have a ?rother. ' I said, 'Ch, thaws who the asshole in the other bed Fenwick gets in his Tri=ph and pulls away, Howard shakes his head in disgust.
EXT. MOV t.E Tr.?T - NIG'T Eddie and Billy walk toward the theatre. he marquee reads: "La Dolce Vita."
He's in the manger and he won't leave.
the blonde wi'g in tier lap.
I'll tell you one chinz that happens when you get mcrried. You have to give up your old friends. Billy listens to the music, slapping his thighs, crying be get the band to pick up the beat.
I now proncui ce yot an and wife.
It's been done. Europe. Europe looks like a smile. Cr=1 'RA PA NS TO Boogie and Ann C'._sho'.m. He is staetieg Co walk coward the buffet table.Yeah, I’ve tasted the piss shower myself. My job used to be drivin’ a freight crane, until one day they decided a computer could do it better. Twenty of us replaced overnight, by something like that thing. Grey...
It’s okay. I like blunt. Every day for the past few months, I’ve been drowned in positivity. That’s the thing about becoming a quadriplegic - all the assholes of the world disappear. Everybody becomes the very best version of themselves around you.
He was a tough bastard.
Cobolt...Jesus. That’s Asha’s company.
Are you serious? I’m a human being, you’re a fucking computer. I’m the authority on acting natural. Grey places his thumb on the scanner. The guards watch him. The thumbprint scanner whirs as it thinks.
Deja vu. Your bitch had the same dumb look on her face. Fury burns in Grey’s eyes. He reaches over and SMACKS a black button on the wall then HEAVES Fisk around, smashing him
You are American.
You're American.
Clean bill of health and no OC. This was a straight favour with a dollar chaser, Jack. The guy's got a second cousin in NOCS on the graft who filched him the Socimi.
Sinful.
Bitchin'.
Bitchin'?
It's bitchin'.
I'm fucked if I know, Jack. If you want my opinion, they're just being jittery. I told `em you were the most security conscious professional I know. I told `em no one gets close to you.
Never mind Larson. He didn't stand a chance, not against someone as paranoid as Jack. The Swede was only there to take Jack's heat off you. So don't fuck this up again.
Old Granite Puss's favorite brand!
Messerschmidt --
Old Granite Puss will be here any minute.
Ittie Johnny doesn't want nasty old cradle-cap, does oo?
They don't eat with their hands, you dope!
What do you think? It's a present from old Granite Puss...
you're fired!
It's the insurance guy across the street.  He probably saw the goddamn smoke!
Ah shit.  Okay... go ahead.  Anybody else have to go?
Oh, shit!  I gotta have time to think.
You frisk me.
Sal wants to see Sonny.  He says he'll shoot unless he can see Sonny.
Gene -- you smilin'?
Aw, Jesus... you been doin' us favors all night!
They gotta stop sayin' that.
I told you.  That I got a lot of pressures.  You said to me that you needed money, and I knew that you needed money!  I saw you there lying in the hospital like that...  and I said... shit, man, I got to get this guy some money.
I gotta jet coming here and we're gonna try to get the fuck outta this thing.  And we're gonna go, man!
God, Algeria!  Do you know there's a bunch of... they walk around there... God!  People walk around with masks and things on their heads.  They're a bunch of crazy people there.
All right, enough!  Who the fuck is on the phone... anyway?  Is that you Moretti?
They don't know, I sent them to the neighbors.  Sonny, Jesus, it's not like you.  I can't believe, because you never hurt anybody since the day I knew you.
I blame myself, Sonny.  I notice you been tense, like something is happening; the night before last you're yellin' at the kids like a madman, believe me.  And then you wanted me to go on this ride with the kids, this caterpillar about from here to there - fulla one-year- old kids.  It's ridiculous.  I'm not about to go on this ride, so you yell right there, 'You pig, get on the fuckin' ride!' Well, everything fell outta - me - my heart, my liver fell to the floor - you name it! Yellin' at me in front of all those people.  Because you never talked and I never been scared of you, never. I think: he's gonna shoot me and dump my body in the river.
I wish somebody would tell me I'm gonna live long enough for it to be a habit.  My parent, she'll be okay. My husband, he'll be okay.  I even know who the bum is gonna marry. Terrific.  She'll take good care of him.
I was lookin' at it.  I saw you, man!  Jesus!  You oughta see yourself! You wouldn't believe it.
Fuck!  We did it!
You in Beane Hall?
- Van Dyke.
... oh ... okay, whip my ass. With that she rises and takes of her sweater, stripping down to at-shirt with MOLSON BEER on it. All right.
Oh hell, don!t worry. work out togethe~.
the women's chaperon is at the mike. She's heavily made up, given to wearing red, and in manner is somewhere between a Sunday school teacher and a bull-dyke.
Yeah - everybody says you're a perfect asshole.
C'mon you fool, the whole damn ballroom knows you're in there you hear me Adrian, you made it like a fuckin' air raid out here - open up. The door opens, the band resumes playing. 80
along with Tory.
Take your hands off me.
Penny, shut up.
You know what you're l1ke? There's a Joke about a faggot who makes a pass at a Marine in the men's room on the fortieth floor ~f the Empire State building. The marine throws the faggot out the window. When he gets down to the street, the marine passes this faggot in the. gutter who struggles to one elbow and says, 'Yoo-hoo ... I'm not mad.' Just go home and kiss and make up or eat each other or whatever you do, will you? Ah, I think I actually made you mad. Then why don't you hit me? It would be nice to see you have the balls to hurt somebody. Go ahead, hit me. She does - only it's a fist, a short right that knocks him right off the bed. He larids on his butt. Chris is shocked.
on a school path, head down,. furious, grumbling shitpiss-fuck-goddam-son-of-a-bitch - the same kind of quiet outburst seen after the hurdle race. She passes by the rec center and a loud cheer goes up. Then there's another cheer .. She stops - looks. There's a whistle and another cheer.
- look around you. Look at everybody. Now imagine how many bodies you all buried to get here. The games - javelin, discus, shot - weapons, war, hate. You're here because you want to kick asses and kill anybody who gets in your way. Don't kidd yourself. All the rest is bullshit.
- so - you're not responsible for how good he is, or how much 1:>etter you are than somebody else, or the color of your eyes, or how tall you are .. all you're responsible for is being better today than yesterday or the day before - all you're trying to do is whip your own ass. That's all you can do - you're it. There's nobody e!se out there but you. Chris shakes her head, deeply affected by what he's said.
Piper, stop this! You got nowhere to go and you know it.
No but he'll likely piss blood for a day or two.
Suit yourself. But nobody reaches the end and says, âWish I hadn't fucked so much.â Milton's gaze returns to Candy. Even a man as driven as he needs a reboot sometimes. Candy catches his look, smiles. Piper slides from the booth.
Hey, dickless.
No, Milton. It's real. Ghosts, UFOs, bigfoot, that's the bullshit. The Devil and demons? Once those doors are opened you're fucked. Milton rolls his one good eye. Piper turns back to the GTO. Smoke hissing from the engine.
Webster goes very quiet.
Damn right.
Just drive the damn car.
It's almost time. Skanky Gal nods. But there is hesitation in her eyes. She's grown attached to the baby. Jonah takes the baby, places her on the stone altar.
You're mine.  My Fifi.
Ow -- shit.
Goddamnit, John, you're scaring me.
See here, on the flank and all along the butt and thighs. Lipotracts.  All the tasty bits, sucked dry.  But she ain't bad.
Oh... I just been dying for a piece of this ass.Yeah... I know. Sorry about that. So. I read your resume, I talked to Jimmy and he says you can handle any shit that hits the fan.
Because we’re years away from getting the right pulse shaping algorithms, and that means that by the time we get ‘em right we’re going to get our asses kicked by laser towers.
You wanna buy a twelve inch strip off my property?
That would have to be positive shit.
“Positive shit”??
So you got all these Mc Mansions. About... thirty of them. They’re waaaaay lower than the municipal pipes. So to get them fresh water, no problem, ‘cause water comes from the town, and down the hill to their houses, right? Gravity does its job. But after they drink, after they eat, they gotta piss and they gotta shit, right? So you gotta bring all that piss and shit back up to the sewers, against gravity.
I know right? And now the shit is rising faster and faster ‘cause with all that fluid coming out of the tubes, the central pump feels the pressure coming down so it pumps harder and harder...
You sure you got it right? “Bellies have no ears”??
Come on Vinnie, lets leave these ladies alone. Vincent turns his back on them, heads to the car.
You feelin’ all right man?
All right... My father always said I was bony and that I’ll crack in two when the shit hits the fan. From the moment I could speak all the way through high school he kept saying it. ‘Said I’d never make it in life ‘cause I’m too bony. So... There you go. The shit is hitting the fan every day for the last six months, and I will not crack in two until this is done. I promised myself. I’m gonna deliver the fastest fucking fiber optic line from Kansas to New York city. No matter what.
We’re digging on the railroad lot but there’s a whole bunch of land that turns out doesn’t belong to the rail. You gotta get your ass down here.
Yeah, well if I was you, I’d let that Johnny humanifize the heaven outta this place. So maybe you got a fightin’ chance of keeping that little dimple-butt here instead of moving to that crazy suburbia everyone talks about.
SUBTITLE: If my butt ever gets that jiggly, kill me.
How do you do this stupid carseat?
You gotta cut those nails, man.
Who has a bigger tushy, Frank or Murray?
Yeah. This is gonna be good, Denisovich. Scary stuff. Wait and see fellas, this camp will bring the fangs out of anyone.
Why would my butt do that to me?
Look! Jail! MAVIS
Sure, Ladykiller, that’s how it always starts.
Oh, gimme a break already! They slide down the STEEP CLIFF, catching branches in various spots to slow their fall, finally landing on their asses. They start to walk.
I got it yesterday! Kicks butt!
Okay, have you practiced your voice? You can’t just talk like a hippie.
I’m not a hippie, I’m a slacker.
Witness! Humans coexisting with Monsters! Sharing towels and spoons! The Cronies scream in anger and disbelief!
My daughter does not get raped in Blue Bay!
Hunter's making it our job because Sandra Van Ryan's got a bug up his ass. You know that as well as I do.
Good. So what we're going to do is march right to Hunter's doorstep. We're going to insist they take a statement. We're going to tell them to charge your ass or get off your back.
It's Celine. He's okay. He had a pretty good line on what cheap fucks people are.
Then he'll be back at Blue Balls?
Okay Tom. My client wants your client to saddle up... so we can ride her ass all the way to the bank.
Damn maid.
You're good. But you don't think that little ditz Suzie's gonna hold together, do you?
Get away from me.
Get off my property.
Got sort of hung up on her, from what hear.
Come on, man. I'll make a sailor out of you yet.
Wasn't enough Van Ryan had to destroy the people who invested here. He got to be old, he and his rich cronies would come down here, hunt and whore, act like assholes. One trip he showed up with this young girl he'd picked up somewhere, gotten her pregnant then dumped her in the swamp.
Dexter shakes his head in shame at Heywood. He is massaging the head of one fine ass sistah. She smiles. Dexter suavely bends down and says, "You like that don't cha.". She nods in approval.
this shot off with a fine ass sistah with a baby in hand walking over to the crib.
owner of this shop. She is the Queen of the hootchies in tha hood. Her attire puts the "E" in ethnic as she is wearing the hottest, most expensive outfit that can be bought at the Fox Hills Mall.
She ain't got no hair either!
You gonna bring a yamp?
What y'all two fools talking 'bout?
Haywood! Why you always borrowing my shit without asking?!
How come don't ever wanna have no fun no more? You gonna end up being a spinster.
What she all mad about? Nuthin.
Get off tha phone. phone.
What you mean? You wasn't doing nuthin anyway!
_________ Shit ! 5D/r
She fine Loe.
Don't have nuthin to say.
Lucky gives him a look which reads "You stupid muthafucka". CUT TO.: __ 70
You paying for it!
Oh shit! Look!
Yeah. You young. married?
Fly Ass Shot
That shit played out years ago. Chicago bends down to fasten his shoes. Lucky looks at him and shakes his head. Then he looks up to notice
The rednecks are looking in their direction.
I wonder if my momma picked up my clothes from the cleaners? .... Oh, I know what I gotta do when I get back, I gotta call Terry with his fine ass. Ask him to buy me another jacket. Chicago is throwing rocks in the water.
Nuthin. I'm just thinkin.
You sure he don't talk about typical shit?
We need to hurry up and get where we got to go. You keep proscratinatin. < joking) You keep trying to gib to that bitch! Thats tha problem.
As the Truck drives on leaving Chicago on the road. A DUFFLE BAG is thrown out the window. Chicago continues to shout out at Lucky "Watch you doing man?","Stop Bullshiting!".
If that bastard does subpoena me, if he forces me to go over this again, then all those other lawyers will line up behind him and try and do the same thing.
We've got lawyers suing lawyers because some people were stupid enough to sign on with more than one of the bastards.  We've got people pointing fingers, making side deals, and dickering over percentages. Yesterday, I heard somebody wants to sue the rescue squad.  The rescue squad.  Because they didn't act fast enough.
Oh, Jesus, come on, will you? Don't mess this up anymore than it's already been messed up. Join the other kids. Do that and before you know it you'll be as happy as a goddamned clam.
Don't know about lucky. The guy's a full-blown asshole. Pay's good, though. $100 a day. I got to guarantee a kill, of course. Which I can do. There's some monster bucks hiding out up there.
Damn straight!
His son-in-law damn near killed me.
Deer shit. Big one. Here's your buck, Mr. Twombley. I'll circle around.
...That was no pisser. I'll tell you who was a pisser. Glen Whitehouse. There was a real pisser. He was mean normal, but when he drank it was like he burst on fire. Canadian Club. Always drank CC. One Christmas there's this cord of wood out back he forgot about and he decides to have his two boys stack it. Except it's been out back two months and it's snowed and rained and froze so now the wood's all iced in. He takes the boys. He was drunk, of course.
You ain't the hunter Jack is. And he can't drive the grader worth shit.
Nope. Heard it. We wasn't far apart. I spotted this buck, then I heard the gun go off and Twombley was gone. I looked over the little cliff we was using for a stand and there the fucker was, deader'n shit. Called it right in.
But what the hell, Jack, I guess you deserve it. Right's right.
Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.
I've got sons, Goddamnit, oh my God, have I got sons! Wade? Rolfe? Elbourne? You love me boys? Do you love your Pop? Of course you do!
Shit, around here, you shoot somebody in the woods, you say it was an accident, you get fined fifty bucks and your hunting license lifted. Jack's probably saying the guy shot himself cause he ain't got his deer yet and don't want his license pulled.
Can it, Whitehouse.
Then you accidentally see your body, or your face, or whatever, and you don't know who the hell it belongs to. Strange. It's the business with the old man, I know, and how incredibly pissed I was at him, and also chasing Jack Hewitt like that, and the Goddamned truck going through the ice, not to mention Margie's being so upset -- one thing on top of another.
Yeah, sure. Why? I got this damned tooth, I got a few things bugging me, like everybody else. But I'm okay.
To help, Jack, of course -- and to nail those sonsofbitches, the Two Gordons. That's what Alma calls them. Jesus, Rolfe, whose side are you on?
Tame those rights...you know, we're even freighting in a couple of exiled Argie trade unionists from Paris for a TV tie in.  One of them had his balls tap-danced on by the secret police.  The other one had to be hosed off the wall of his cell after the police-- yes my good man?
Oh well.  Just an idea.  Now.  Can we talk about this radio-car cock- up yesterday.  Chris?
Aha.  James giving some woman the old heave-ho.
It's true!  I was here last year doing a piece, remember?  I was in the bar with all these Northern trade unionists and their sponsored MPs.  They were all incredibly fat and beery, huge trousers and braces. And so sweet.  They all stood round me like children saying 'You! Working for television?  You're just a young thing.'  They wouldn't let me buy drinks even when I told them the programme was paying. They kept looking at my pass which was pinned here and saying
Honey, this is the craziest thing I ever heard of.
...Not that I can remember. I been booking vaudeville acts, circus acts, night club acts, for thirty years. Lot of queer eggs among 'em -- but a acrobat who played the harmonica? That queer I never saw one.
He's a feller likes to play the whatchamacallit?
Pleez, Mista -- by me Willie's a nice feller. A man likes kids, he's nice. Any little kid asks him, Willie plays his whatchamacallit. I don't want I should make trouble for him.
Aretha!/There she is!/The diva!/The queen of comedy!/Funny lady!/That bitch sho is funny!
Then you're gonna' run around saying that Roach is selling out to the white Establishment. That Roach wants a bunch of money, big cars, and a moustache like Eddie Murphy's. That Roach wants white women. Well, why not?
Who's your woman?
Aretha, get out of my kitchen, now!
We'll see who has the last word on this shit. Ruby Lin is PISSED. She exits ••• dramatically. Aretha is unconcerned. She continues with her food. Rudy Rae, laughing under his breath, rushes to Aretha and piles her plate.
Mister Jeff, if I ever hear or see someone messin' with your woman, r promise, I'll kill him for you.
We got to laffin' so hard on the job that girlfriend bent over and hit the erase button on the computer.
Maybe your dick needs an
You say shit.
Alright, Mister Entrepreneur. The next time you want me, call my divorce lawyer, 'cause I ain't gonna be your other woman. Ruby Lin gets no reaction.
Oh. You one of those secretive brothers. With a name like Bigg, you are either seven feet tall, a midget or got a microscopic wee wee.
You ever MC before?
Who's your woman, man?
You cross Bigg?
Chill, big fella. Chill!
You makin' it bad for business.
Your politics got you in the shit. your politics get you out.
Baby, don't go. Kimmie does a U-turn and floors it, headed straight for the Bad Girls. They turn around and haul ass. They jump just in time, miniskirts up to their waste, into a ditch. Kwame and Roach gladly rush to the scene.
I messed up.
Go get 'em, tiger. Bite 'em in the ass.
About your brother. And the deeeep shit he's in -INT. TEDDY'S TAVERN - NIGHT A BARMAID sets down a pitcher of beer and two mugs...
Memphis. Holy shit. It's an honor, man -And he pumps his hand... Memphis continues to stare at Kip
You seem a little hinked-up ...
I do a poaching number. Six-ounce fillets in a saucepan of brine. In 8 minutes, I could cater a goddamn wedding. Plain but flavorful. And it's a good way to show off my Hollandaise sauce ...
Late 60s. A feisty grease-soaked curmudgeon who begs the question: how the hell did they manage to rock together
Aw, c'mon. It's no big deal. You can't drive. You can't. Time to acknowledge it and move on. I can't swim. I know I can't. So you know what I do? I stay the fuck outta the pool ... EXT. PLEASURE CRUISE DRIVING SCHOOL - DAY Memphis waits outside ... The Aries K comes crawling toward him. Donny gets out of the car ... Sees Memphis ...
Damn. Memphis Raines. Long time ...
I like how you wallop back in here after four years - and can still get all Clifford Huxtable on my shit ...
We're rich. Goddamn, we're rich!
That's Mirror Man ... And that's Freb ... And Tumbler ... And Toby ... Fellas, this is Sara Wayland... They call her "Sway."
Oooh. "Snake." Tough guy. "Snake." Homeboy wants you to call him: Snaake-! They crack up ... Size her ...
I never thought it'd be possible: but your ass just got spookier ... EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT Freb and Donny Astricky have gotten "Laura", a '99 Bentley started...
Jesus, Kip ... I'm shot, man ...
parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ... Memphis rockets Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ... And the ramp LAUNCHES ELEANOR in glorious super-sexy-bloodpumping SLO-MO
You don't want to even sniff at that -Calitri grins. But then his smile goes south, as he sees, for the first time -- ELEANOR -- parked out on the loading dock. And she is smashed-to-shit.
Jesus, man ... What'd you do?
Where the hell did you find him?
He blows the shorts out of his mouth.
The warm and lovely ex-in laws are planning to drop by tomorrow. To see Doyle. Their goddamn son's in Europe so I have to entertain them. Can you imagine the snit Doyle can throw with his grandparents here? Gritzi can imagine and doesn't dare say so.
He seems to be going through alot of shit to get you home. DOYLE
Yeah, you can get your hand off my chest.
I think you're making a big mistake here, fellas.  I do mostly tax law and some probate stuff occasionally.  I got my law degree at night school.
Now that's one ugly dude.
You and Spengman see what else you can dig up on Vigo and this little weasel Poha. Those two were made for each other.
Move it, you jerk!
Are you crazy, man?  You're going to kill somebody!
...'Scuse me?
Finger's gonna kill me.
Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...
You just won a trip, you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
Freeze those knees, my chickadees, 'cause Korben is on the case with a major face...
Leeloo, listen to me... these tickets... they're not mine... I mean they are, but not for vacation like everyone thinks... I'm on an operation... and if I didn't come get you, you'd be in a shitload of trouble... I'd love to be on vacation with you... but now.... now I've got to work... And Leeloo... I would love to work in peace.
Korben man... what the hell is this?
Don't pull that crap with me, Finger... I'd recognize that trash can voice of yours in a dark alley during a rain storm. You tell that worthless no account son of mine he should plotz for the way he's ignored his mother... when I think of all I sacrificed for him...It's a damn nuisance you aren't here, big brother.  Sorry I drone on.  I miss you. I lo--
Oh man, you are so fucking funny in the kitchen scene.
You don't know she's a bitch.
It's not ruined, for fuck's sake.  It's one of your parties.
Shit.  It's my Galiano.
Yeah, but I hear she gives a mean blow job.
Oh shit.  I'm sorry.  I'm a total fucking maniac.  Delete all that, okay?  I spoke for myself, this needn't rub off on my wife.  Oh shit.  I get pissy sometimes. Much worse than Otis.  Otis doesn't bite. It's just, I really love my dog and he doesn't really bark a lot. We live in a canyon.  We hear dogs barking at night, too.  And it's not Otis.
Fuck...sounds like... Fork.  Flock...
Whatever!
Are you making an ass of yourself?
You'll hate it in London.  It's wet and miserable.  A medical hellhole Sally. It's socialized.  Beds in the corridors. Terrible plumbing.
She's got great tits.
Absolutely.  And she's got great tits.
Yeah, God she really does have great tits, great tits.  i can't wait to work with her.
With great tits.  I'm going to ask her if I can touch them.
You're coming swimming in the pool, and in a few minutes you won't even remember what it's about.  You won't care who's in your damn movie.
You're never too old for a lolly.  I'm having one.
Andre Zhdanov?  How the hell do you know about Andre Zhdanov?
That hasn't the first fucking thing to do with love.  It's whether we can live together... like this!  All the time.
Sally, first of all, you're talking bullshit.  And second...
Who the fuck do you think you are?  The part of Genna is not just about you. It's about every woman I've ever loved in my entire life.  Including my mother. The character is also clearly in her early twenties, Sally.
It's a shit novel anyway.
You're okay.  Buck up.  Come on, be a man.  It could happen to anybody.
Damn straight.
--Slimy, green son of a gun.
No, let’s just focus on the bad news: as of now, you have detected zero multiversal trespassers, so... get on your phones, scour the Internet, and Scooby-Doo this shit.
Please Scooby-Doo this shit.
you!
Oh, shit. I was about to die.
Some of these guys are gonna die.
Shut up, Ned.
Cure some ass.
Cure that ass.
You from Queens. You got that suit. You help a lot of poor people. I just thought you was gonna be Black.
Truck drivers bring up Harlem Specials that blow up in your hand. But this guy don't deal no shit. Just quality. If you ever need anything, I can put you in touch.
Welfare, mam? I think the Senator's right. People should work for a living. I do. I like to work. Every day. Get those old coots off welfare and make 'em work for a change.
Damn straight.
Damn.
Ya see that woman there?
It's hell out there all right. A real shit-eatin' war. I'll say this, though: It's bringing a lot of fantastic guns. The market's flooded. Colt automatics are all over.
Shit yes. Night woulda been dead if I hadn't grabbed an outatowner at Kennedy. Took him round the horn and got a five dollar tip to boot.
Here's the twenty bucks, old man. You better damn well spend it right.
That fella "Sport" looks like a killer to me.
He shoots dope too.
How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport?
Shit.Gentlemen! You are fighting in a God-forsaken pile of shit, so you better do it with a clean Mauser! Paul digs out a handkerchief and cleans his barrel quickly. The Lieutenant stands before him already.
Are you deaf, man?
God damn, what a scrawl. Hm.
He got blasted out of his uniform.
Damn.
Get out, God damn it! You think the French will wait for you to comb your pubes? Anyone who's not on the truck in fifteen minutes, I will chase on foot with the truck myself! The place comes alive. The soldiers leap out of their beds. Paul stuffs his things into his knapsack. Müller slips his boots on. Kat buttons up his shirt.
Watch out for the damn dog.
Fisk listens.
Man, we got all the balls in the world right here!
Piss off, Harry. You're married. I am?
Ma'am, you did very well. He looks at her.
I've seen this asshole. CUT TO:
She was scared. She was a nice lady who didn't deserve to get killed. But Annie, if she'd gotten off he would have killed us all. He's the asshole, Annie, the guy who put us here. Remember that. Okay? She nods, shakily.
He didn't have to get on in the first place, Ortiz. And get your ass behind the yellow line. I have faith.
You may be a psycho, man, but you got some big round balls.
I need you, with a clear head. I know this guy's hurting you and I'm sorry, but we still have a problem here so stop doing the asshole dance and be part of the solution. He still stares, but she's drawn the fire out. Everybody is staring at him. He smiles winningly at Annie.
L.A.P.D. We need this shit.
That sneezer geezer's a psychiatrist!... Heard it on the grapevine.YO:JNG WOMAN
Ugly son of a bitch found me this morning. Horse saved my life. Cecil nods, thoughtful, then takes the money and starts digging oats from a bin with a stir pot.
Beverly
Don't got no cw1s,
She's HUMPSTONEJOHN
Beverly
A misunde~standing.
overprotective.
You guys have no sense of personal space, you knovJ that?
Catt'
Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.
You'll never know 'til you walk through that door!
The hint of still weirder shit to come, I can only hope.
I knew this whole place'd be pure gold! Pritchett, point me in the direction of the goddamn ghosts! If I can get something bizarre enough on tape, I think I can parlay it into getting me some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most- Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more five afternoons a week of sex-change- Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em.
Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just sign the damn thing.
Sorry, Pritchett, here you go.
-- Pritchett's not laughing.
Pritchett!!
Pritchett, what the hell just happened here?
Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me.
Now take us where this damn thing's at.
Damnedest thing: each one, freaky little "accidents" --
Left, goddamnit!
Hey, Price! Pritchett!
-- better than nothing. Down, big fella'.
-- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett!
You're starting to sound like Pritchett.
-- where the hell were you?
Running all the bells and whistles we set up to scare hell out of everybody --
Pritchett, you're not joining this necktie party?
If you've got a gun on you, Price, I'd hand it over now.
Pritchett -- !
Oh. Jesus.
Pritchett: what is going on?
Pritchett??
Pritchett, is that you?
Pritchett!You are a Rivera. And a Rivera is...?
Watch your step, they make caquitas everywhere.
Jack said he heard two fat guys in the Rope say you pulled a knife on them. Dill takes the cigarette.
By the way, did you see my damn cat? Dill sniffs his shirt...
You need something man.
There’s money in fishing albacore at night. No asshole tourists on board. Lionel pays for grunts and flatfish too...
All the fucking time. He noses the boat away from the dock and sets off toward the mouth of the harbour. EXT. SERENITY - MOONLIT NIGHT In the glistening night lights of the harbour, the Serenity chugs through the calm water on a blade of moonlight.
Damn right. Three albacore above fifty pound. Eight hundred bucks. Plus I cut out the tongues for breakfast. You want some? He holds up a strip of glistening albacore tongue.
...I’d say son of a bitch runs a bucket same as any other and I’d fly to some other island but I don’t have time. I only have two days. He reaches into his pocket and produces a huge bundle of hundred dollar bills.
But there is a God Dill. Even if you think you could get away with it. Even if that bastard deserves it. Even if Lieutenant Gonzalez wouldn’t raise a finger. There is right and wrong, heaven and hell...
What fucking game? Lightning flashes. Dill puts the knife close to Miller’s throat. Miller is a little drunk now but holds Dill with a penetrating stare. He makes a decision and speaks firmly.
Are you fucking nuts? The fish heaves and Dill is lifted out of his chair and onto his feet by the sheer power of the fish. Samson whoops. Dill uses all his strength to get back in the chair.
\•;an::1a :Oe you
experie:1ce. E'.9ht ::1:.ere.
J1,:st a r.i:.r::.ute pal .Even though you didn't take your eyes off my ass all night, I laughed at your stupid jokes and smiled nicely. And you left a dollar and eighty seven cents. Dana hands him back his money.
Because I'm busting my ass so you can stay in school.
Cocks his head.
Fuck easy.
You're gonna kill him.
Get away from him.
Oh yeah, Squints, and you're Willie freakin' Mays. You catch like a dork - anybody ever bust your chops about that?
- if you were thinkin' you wouldn't a thought that!
When Yeah-Yeah heard it he peed his pants.
Mertle's Acres was a bitchin' place, that had everything you could ever imagine.
"Boogers" Fleming?
Davy "The Toad" Stodenrous.
Yeah-Yeah you were! Yer tongue was hangin' outta yer head and you was swoonin'!
Hey! C'mon! It was a joke, ya dopes! Do I _look_ like a monkey?!
Benny felt like that all the time.
Truly rubba legs.
Truly rubba legs.
Butt sniffer!
Pus licker!
One Drysdale, a bunch a duds.
It's a miracle, Smalls. A damn miracle.
Bitchin'.
Bitchin'. Your ball, your ups.
You're dead as a doornail, Smalls.
You're dead as a doornail, Smalls.
Remember Davy Stodenrous.
Is Doby Gillis a dork? Anybody got any bright ideas?
Yeah-Yeah grew two feet in our eyes after that. There was no stinkin' way any of us would've showed back up, if we'd loaded our drawers.
Bitchin'.
Now don't go peeing your pants or nuthin', I'm just here to give ya a hand.
Not a chance. Matter of fact, all the way down to first I kept sayin' to myself, "you lucky bum."
Give 'em hell, Jet.a non-queer
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
Well, so is bitching you keep on keeping Nick hands
I've decided to fuck Randy from Are You Randy.
of ... lesbians.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, don't worry. They're completely gay.
One hundred percent homosexual.
past velvet ropes and the long line of emo-punks waiting front.
the Cockmasters?
You lost one of your back there, guy.
Jesus
We screwed in midtown, man.
Shit Sandwich?
of Assholes.
Christ DragStar?
you gonna
So, what is he, like a, .. former hippie current yuppie corporate sell-out spoon-feeding the masses the same old stop me at any time ...
Oh man. I fucking love this guy. The two of them walk off laughing. EXT. PAUL'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY A medium sized apartment building on the Upper East Side. Cars are speeding by the front of the building. Cabs drive by and beep their horns.
That girl you boned last year. Remember?
And we did it in the bush. Like outside around midnight. I got fucking mosquito bits all over my ass. And we thought everyone was sleeping, but they obviously weren't because everybody knew. And it was out on the grass somewhere. And it hurt like a motha, oh my god the pain! Laughter.
I was like ripping his hair out. And we kissed like so hard that our lips were busted. And that shit was so good. It was crazy. They slap hands and laugh.
I bet he makes hella money.
I'll tell you why. Because when I was little, I had a fat cousin, cousin Luke. And he used to make fun of the handicapped. And one day he had a bad stomachache. So he drank a bottle of Pepto and his ass blew off.
Yo, you got any weed around here?
Fucking good skunk.
Break that shit up. Casper is smushing the pot up. Hamilton is taking the plastic of the cigar. In this shot they go through the complete process of rolling a blunt. The next sequence should be done with fast edits.
Yo, sorry money. The hoodlum is a good seven inches taller than Casper. He puts his arms out like he's upset.
Nuffin G. Just forget it.
What the fuck yo? You wanna catch a beat down? Casper throws his skateboard down. He quickly turns around and pulls his pants up. He runs right up to the hoodlum and he looks up at him.
Oh shit. Throw down. Steven and all the guys run up and surround the hoodlum. They all start screaming taunts. "Fuck 'em up Casper!"
Sink or swim, pig-butt.
Quoyle, this is your father. Calling you. Dicky's machine is full. Your home one's broke. Well. It's time for your mother and I to go.
You'll have to make your own way. I did. Nobody gave me nuthin'. Other men woulda give up, turned to bums. I sweated, wheeled barrows of sand, went without so you and yer brother could have advantages. Not that you did much with your chances.
People.     Are a cynical lot.
The drive's a bitch.     We'll buy us a boat.
Buggit, huh? Any kin to my boss on the Gammy Bird?
Tert Card says he's keepin' an eye on ya. Since he's a self-servin' liar, helluva ad salesman tho, it means he's jealous. And Nutbeem...
NUTBEEM'S TEMPORARY ANYWAY! YOU HEAR THAT NUTBEEM!
Mr. Buggit. I'm not.     Well, a water person.
To my ass.
I meant Wavey Prowse.
Y'know none a that impresses Jack Buggit. He's not one fer blatant ambition.
Weren't even double if yer figger it right.
She gets stiffed by the guy, after basin' her new shop on that revenue. And she ain't one ta fool with. Capable a anything, that woman!
I think when Card sees it, he'll split a gut. I think he'll sit up nights thinking of cheap shots to pay you back. I think he'll never stop until you're fired.
I fergot somethin'.
If yer off to see Jack Buggit, yer'll hafta swim some.
Gotta build her solid. Who knows, mebbe Jack Buggit'll give his fishin' license to his boy. So next time, won't be nobody to pull yer out.
Jack Buggit's boy is drowned.
Dennis. Y'hear the one about the Newfie who lived ferever?
Old ones. Got run outta Omaloor Bay a hunnerd years ago. Dragged that house across th' ice. On spruce runners.
Hadda lash it to th' rock.     She'll tell yer.
YOU'RE SURE. THE FELLER WAS A STATIE.
NOW WE ALL LOVES OLD FOOKIN' NUTBEEM, YAR???
Spot I'm in, Christmas and all. Might have to offer th'mess. To you.
Oh, th' Gandy Goose she ain't no uuuuse Cos all her nuts'n bolts is...
Sweet Jesus. I'm turnin' inta Alvin Cockadoodle Yark!
You mean, "Xultation?" She nods, her eyes like the empty stare of a gun.
But after Sloosha's Crossin', I ain't had the taste for howzittin' or smilesome yaysayin'.
But the problem is, whose gonna mind your ma at the Great Barter? Y'know she got no tongue for hagglin'. Not like you'n'me. What if she gives away the 'hole house? Where we gonna sleep? She brightens.
'Hole Valley knows we got room since Sloosha's. The use of Sloosha's is like a quick snap of his achilles tendon.
Now I'm warnin' you Zachry Bailey, makin' 'cusations 'gainst a spesh guest jus' ain't politsome.
She's dyin.
I'm jus a stoopit goat herder but I reck'n jus' by bein' here you're bustin' this nat'ral order!
I ah-- I checked in last night believing Aurora House was a hotel. My brother made the booking, you see. His idea of a practical joke. But listen. You have a bigger problem closer to home - some demented bitch called Noakes is running about the place impersonating a chambermaid. Probably riddled with Alzheimer's. She stole my keys! Now, in a go-go bar in Phuket, that'd be par for the course, but in an old wrecks' home in Hull? You'd get closed down if I was an inspector, you know.
A stowaway is a stowaway even if he shits silver nuggets!
Ma says you guidin' Meronym up Mauna Kea.
More to the point, any jailbreak's a risky proposition. One little cock up and we're dangling at her Majesty's pleasure. S'truth, we're not sure ol' Meeksey's up to snuff. Question is, old man, are you? Cavendish knows the answer to that question. EXT. TRANSPORT TUBE - DAY - YEAR 2144
No bolt-hole out o' this.
"Hands'a'bleedin', mus'nt let go."
Don't move! She lets go-Falling down into a shit-lined abyss until-Splash. INT. VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
The Old Uns worshipp'd Sonmi same as Valleysmen? She considers her answer.
I'm gonna flay your arse straight into a coma if you don't open this door, Cavendish! The Hotchkisses surround their car, as Cavendish drives the key home into the ignition.
Are there nor trrruuue Scortsmen in tha hooossse? Ernie, Veronica, and Cavendish's jaw goes slack. Mr. Meeks points at Withers with a skeletal forefinger.
Those there English gerrrrunts are trampling o'er ma God-gi'en rrraights! Theeve used me an' ma pals morst direly an' we're inneed of a wee assistance!
You a copper? She moves in.
An'jus'where y'think y'goin? You Prescients same boat as us. You got no dwellin'place neither.
Ain't that right, poochie?
I row over, and search the ship until I find your bloody key.
Don't listen to him! Davy Jones turns.
Then why are you walking away? Davy Jones eyes him, sits.
Oh gee, your journal. Could you be more queer?
If you lose, then that hot little Porsche of yours is mine.
Puss Puss Puss Puss Puss.
You a lesbo?
I was just being honest. You happen to have a nice ass. Sorry.
Well maybe you should get to know the person before you judge them instead of listening to some bullshit gossip.
Our boy just can't get enough dick.
Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit.
Oh don't give me any of that racist crap. My husband and I gave money to Colin Powell.
Why not? ... Oh wow, she doesn't know you're here. In fact, you're grounded. Jesus, you could get in a shitload of trouble for this. I think I should call her anyway.
Get off me.
I'm giving you to the count of three to plop your ass down on the bed.
Oh cut the shit, Kathryn.
Til you start going to pubs and eating haggis with your new Scottish friends and forget about us.
Sup with your foot?
They’re ridiculous. CHRISTINE, 17, cool, over high school and doesn’t give a shit what anyone thinks of her, walks up. She puts her arm around Lara Jean.
But shoes so dope are really hard to pull off. Lara Jean can rock em, natch, but for you Cuz...Well, let’s just say it’s probably a good thing you’re playing it safe with those Uggs. That was clearly not a compliment and Gen knows it.
Jesus. Be cool woman.
It’s how Scottish people say fun. Like “you’re good crack”. I looked it up.
Another bodice ripper, you little perv?
That may be, but until you tell me mystery stud’s name, I’ll remain convinced you have a secret tattoo of my face on your ass.
Lucas James?!? That guy is gay.
Well, you wouldn’t because the only person I’ve ever dated is Margot who’s the exact opposite of a dick. I mean, come on Lara Jean. Don’t tell me Peter’s the kind of guy you wanna be with?
It’s weird and somewhat off-putting to be congratulated on doing nothing more than accepting a note and having an ass pocket for someone to stick their palm into. But I guess that’s where my life had taken me.
If you’re keeping secrets it’s probably because your sister is a judgemental priss.
But you don’t let her steam roll you. Like at school how you stood up to her when she was being a bitch about your shoes.
You know, for someone so quiet, you can be kind of a pain in the ass sometimes.
You’re stoned.
Dude. No. Gen always gets whatever she wants and it’s bullshit!
Dude. Go get your man.
You hear “Fa”. Close your eyes, it’s “Da”. Open them, it’s “Fa”. Weird, isn’t it?
Shut up man!
He’s a 500 pound Persian, Horsthe’s not gonna do a cleanse.
I’ll make the bourbon and the water switch glasses without pouring them into anything, including my mouthBALD GUY No way. But hell- Fifty bucks? Why the fuck not? The other men start waving money around, wanting a piece of the action. Jess COLLECTS it as: Nicky grabs a COASTER, PUTS IT ON THE WATER FILLED SHOT GLASSturns it UPSIDE DOWN and puts it ON THE BOURBON GLASS. He PULLS THE COASTER OUT SLIGHTLY to open up a little space between the glasses and they all watch as PHYSICS TAKES OVER: THE HEAVIER WATER FLOWS DOWN INTO THE BOURBON GLASS AND THE LIGHTER BOURBON FLOATS UP INTO THE WATER GLASS. The men explode in delighted disbelief.
Any man pickpocket would kill to have your figure. No one looks at your hands when you’ve got that working for you.
You’re a cool chick Jess. I dig your shit. Thank you.
Oh man dude- what are you doing? Just go home.
Two thirds of a second is a gracious plenty. Owens nods. ThenOWENS Just because the techs say it checks out, what makes you think you can convince them you’re absolutely real? That you’re completely authentic? You can’t be dicking around boy.
But the EXR? You’re Father Bloody Christmas come to me.
No, I’m just not getting a skanky vibe.
Gah. Look at her buttocks.
Maybe if you’re booking a fashion show, but I’m talking about slapping balls!!
Is the chimichurri good? Love that shit.
Why? So I can stand in front of a bathroom door I can’t fit through? Me and the fat guys were pissing in Aquafina bottles like long haul truckers.
You sure about this? This isn’t my specialityNICKY Why are you still complaining? I’m giving you a cutFAT ASS FARHAD I haven’t heard from you in a year. And you haven’t gigged in three from what I hear, so forgive me my impertinence.
You’ve got Nicky all nuts.
I know he’s an asshole. I mean, a really big asshole. But he’s my friend and I’m going to bat for him. Can’t you give the asshole a break?
Wow you really have become a wuss.
Sarcasm. Another pillar of your generation. You want to tell somebody to fuck off, tell ‘em to fuck off. Don’t say, ‘gee, what a great jacket.’ It’s weakness. Nicky rolls his eyes as Owens glances through to the bed.
Sociologists call it the Gauchais Reaction. They’re disarmed.
Stop that, O'Rielly!
But first will you please kindly shut the goddam door?
I think I've seen this nut somewhere.
Best equipped dentist in the whole goddam Army. Care to have a look, a man with your background?
Homosexuality.
So let's haul ass, Sergeant.
Goddam Army.
Goddam Army.
What are you hoodlums doing in this hospital?
I'm too busy, actually. Not for the Army, of course, but where I live. Dr. Yamachi's New Era Pediatric Hospital and Whorehouse. I'm serious. The guy has this crude hospital for kids and a whorehouse on the side to finance it, all in the same building.
What do you do in the joint besides pimp?
Damn.
This one is urgent, Les. Start somebody cutting off his clothes. Tell the lab to come in with a couple of pints of low titre O, and type and cross-match him for five or six more. Get somebody to do two countdowns and start the blood. Come to think of it, get somebody to start rounding up donors, and send some cowboys to Seoul for all the goddam blood they can get. And get that miserable gas-passer in here!
She had this shiny black hair piled up on her head, but later on she let it hang loose and I'll be damned if it didn't come all the way down to her ass.
I've always had a hankering for blonde pussy myself. My wife's hair is a wonderful golden yellow, and this time of year it gets even lighter.
You betcher ass, Dad.
You betcher ass, General.
Or her figger.
You don't think we'd be speaking up for a goddam Regular Army colonel, do you, if it wasn't important? Begging your pardon, General. I forgot.
Sure you have, only as 'Spearchucker' Jones.
The nigra boy with the Philadelphia Eagles?
You can't be serious, man.
Hell, man, that don't matter. We're loaded. We were big wheels in the black market in Seoul.
I’ll git you.. ah’m gonna git you.
We can bring all those things downstairs with us. Man, you’re crazy you got a million windows up here ... All these windows, you’re gonna make strong enough to keep them out?
He’s wrong, man. Tom is silent.
How’re we gonna bust outta here? we got a sick kid, two women ... one of ‘em outta her head and three men. And there’s a million of them things outside.
What are you up to man? We’ve got to keep those things out!
Do not lot your mistress out of your sight,
as two mutineers crash through it and plummet down past camera
But it ain't Mink, I'll vouch for that.
...Youse fuckin' fancy-pants, all of ya.
And they'll be right, but that ain't the point.  Call me a big-hearted slob, but I'm gonna square it for ya.
Jesus but you're a prickly pear. What's wrong with her wanting her brother taken care of?
What of it?  Jesus, Tom, ain't you ever been bit by that bug?
Mink.
I don't get it, Mink--
No small talk, huh?  They shoot your nag?
Yeah, sneer at him like everyone else.  Just because he's different. People think he's a degenerate. People think he's scum.  Well he's not.
Sister, when I've raised hell you'll know it.
Cud...
Only if I lose, Cud.
I ain't got a penny, boss.
Ah, well, that's a penny ya owe him. 'Lo Tom, what's the rumpus?  You like kids?
Get a slug out of him?
Jesus, Tom, I was just speculatin' about a hypothesis.  I know I don't know nothin'.  It's just a damn mess is all--
...Maybe that's why I like you, Tom. I've never met anyone made being a sonofabitch such a point of pride.
...Tom, why're you saying that? Christ, Tom.  I just told you, I plan to...
Don't I know it.  Last night, I know Bluepoint was disappointed the bulls showed up before Frankie and Tic-Tac could really pin your ears back, but I said, Relax, Bluepoint, I got a feeling about this kid.  Take the long view.  The kid and Leo are gonna go bust-o.  If the kid ain't ready yet, well, he soon will be.  Matter of time.  I said, the kid's too smart for Leo.  That's what I said.  Like a psychic.  Ask Bluepoint if I didn't. Like a goddamn psychic.  G'ahead. Ask him.
...Are you part of this?!  You can't be part of this!  I think these guys're gonna whack me!  You gotta talk to 'em, Tommy!
...If you find him, I wanna talk to him alone.  That's how you get the straight dope.  Man-to- man.  Just me, Mink...
You know something, yegg?  I believe you.
Yeah, it's awful confusing.  You know a yegg named Drop Johnson?
Damn right--had every potato eater from County Cork on the public tit--
...Kid, you got a lip on ya.
Christ, Tom, he knows that.
You talked to Mink?!
...It was Mink, and by God I'll hear you say it!
You're a sonofabitch, Tom.  I like the way you think.  You're right, the bonehead never knew what hit him.
Telling you could only've queered things if it had...
Is it square like this? I bet it’s damn fucking good, right? LATIN MAN suddenly stands and holds up his hand. Curtis grabs Latin Man’s protein block and finds a hole on the side, like on a block of cheese. The hole!
Damn fucking good.
You know I’m stronger than all your skinny ass soldiers put together. Curtis looks at Tanya for a while then sighs with resignation. He holds Tanya’s hand and walks to the front. Curtis replaces a big man at the front of the sewer pipe with Tanya. She grabs the grip and joins:
Son of a bitch, keep your temper down. Namgoong picks up all the Chronole pieces and then glances up at the Gate - it is the most intimidating yet.
No? Chaos. Total fucking chaos when we boarded. Fine - we didn’t freeze to death but we didn’t even have time to be thankful before the Soldiers - Wilford’s Soldiers came and took everything edible from the storage crates. Left us with nothing.
We treat this like a wall because it’s been frozen shut for 18 years. But it’s a door. A fucking door! Namgoong’s eyes become dreamy, almost hallucinatory.
Whatever.
Now, she’sjust your ex?
Whatever.
What’d that chage?
Get your hands off me!
You sound like your crazy daughter.
She thought that? Why would she? Naima is silent.
Where are you getting this crap then?
We’re fortunate bitches. She gags violently, reaching for her Coke. INT. APARTMENT - DAY Mavis returns from her lunch with VICKI. She greets Baguette, who jumps at her knees. Hi, Baguette.
The hooker stares at Mavis incredulously. She has a gold tooth and a large tattoo across her pancake-like breasts. She looks like the exact opposite of a healthy nursing mother.
How’s your dick?
It’s not like we ran in the same circles, regardless. You were extremely popular, if I recall. You won “Best Hair” in the senior superlatives. And I was, you know, a big theater fag.
So you were gay.
No. It’s an expression. Theater fag, drama geek. He sighs.
I can’t tell you here, man.
I’m just working my butt off. Doing my thing in the city.
Hey, Freehauf, what’s up mang? Matt high-fives him, glancing at Mavis.
Go Injuns.
He’s not actually gay.
The fat black-haired guy.
You’re so fucked up. Mavis looks out at Buddy’s house in the darkness. It’s small, ordinary. But something about the single light emanating from the kitchen feels like home. Mavis is sad. Her voice becomes quiet and dreamy.
Yeah, you guys were namazing.
You’re a great father. You’re already going above and beyond in so many ways. Remember when we were kids? Dads didn’t have to do shit. They came and they went and we still bought them new golf balls and tie tacks on Father’s Day. But you-- you’ve really stepped up to the plate. You do too much, even. Now Buddy’s voice has become similarly low and intimate.
Well, we’re all out of breastmilk and she doesn’t want the nuk anymore. He holds up the “nuk,” a pacifier, as if it’s tainted.
So? That’s like 70% of the population. Maybe more. Why don’t you exercise or something? Take your fucking dog for a walk for once.
You’re a dumb piece of shit. MATT loudly clinks Mavis’s stationary glass. Mavis responds in a quieter way: She puts her glass against his and holds it there for a beat, like a kiss. EXT. PARK - DAY A little patch of lawn, wood chips, and modern play equipment near a small lake in Mercury. Kids cavort nearby.
You can’t hide from us, Pee Pee. We’re you’re permanent best friends.
Peepers. Be well. Mavis gets out of the car. Hedda drives away. Matt stubs out his cigarette.
Great, we always need more pukers. Ha ha.
Yesterday. I was puttin' a twenty-timer on Indiana for tonight, and he up and out- of-the-blue asks about you. Jimmy, man. Goddam.
Fine. Alright, fine. If you wanna stay in our little dump, fine.
Jessica, your sister got into beauty school, and she's going. Now I've got about two hours sleep before I have to drive her all the way the hell up there.
Shit, Dave, sorry 'bout that. I was talkin' on the phone. I didn't see the stop sign, I guess.
Holy shit, man, is she alright?
Hay, por favor! I come by here to pay rent, I always hear her slapping your ass around.
Dude, what the hell?! I'm ready to go here! Where the hell were you?!
Man, what the hell.
Hell yes.
No, man, I don't wanna see you hittin' Jess neither.
She's   a nutcase. I'll tell you what, I don't   know why you do it. You should have a man   of your own - we say it all the time,   me and Heather.
Yeah, who? That slob you and Heather introduced me to last time?
This is Jimmy. Juicehead Dave's friend.
Where the hell have you been!
Stay outta my room.
You know what? You need to get laid, Jimmy. Maybe you'd relax a little.
Shut up Emily.
Alright. I'm Sinjin.      That legless waste is Louie.
Vamos, these girls aren't interested in you.
Carter ain't gonna kick shit.
Woe, dude.
You're Buggerin' Bobby Bales.
Look fellas, I'd like to help you out, but I'm not into buying stolen cop cars. It don't seem right somehow.
Alright, hold on. Slow down a second. What is this shit, Jimmy?
Holy shit, you hear that?
Get away from me.
Where I saw the mermaids?!  Why don't you ever ask any question? I'm always the one asking the question!  We're sitting here like two stones and I'm taking to myself. Ask me something, Goddamnit!
I'm being a pain in the ass.
Enzo, stop bitching, will you?
Come on, drink up, my boy!  It might just save us from your bullshit.
Gotta check up on my boys.  Hey, what's with the food?  Some kid in a white jacket brings me a ritz cracker with some chopped liver. 'Canapes,' he says.  I say, 'Can a peas, my ass, that's a ritz cracker with chopped liver.' Go get me a salami sandwich and a glass of wine or I'll send you and your white jacket to the dry cleaners!
Alright, Corleone.  I'm going to be very frank with you.  Maybe more frank than any man in my position has ever spoken to you before.
Get out of my hotel.
I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
In Sicily, when you attack a man, you had better finish him.
A real mafioso doesn't sell his vengeance.
When Fanucci says two hundred he means two hundred.  You can't talk with him.
He's going to kill Fanucci.
Fanucci is not connected; he is alone.
What the hell does that mean?  Come on, Tom, speak out straight once in your life.  I know Michael can't, but you're not Sicilian, you can tell a woman the truth; you can treat her like an equal, a fellow human being.
Mikey, why would they ever hit poor old Frankie Five-Angels?  I loved that ole sonuvabitch.  I remember when he was just a 'button,' when we were kids.  We used to put bedsheets on our heads, you know, like we were ghosts.  An' ole Frankie come peek into our room, we'd jump up, and he'd always pretend like he was really scared. You remember?
Roberto.  Who owns the 'rat-holes.'
Fellas, can you wait outside a minute?
Don't be an ass.
Charlie don't never see them or hear them, man.
First of the Ninth was an old cavalry division that had cashed in its horses for choppers, and gone tear-assign around Nam looking for shit.  They'd given Charlie a few surprises in their time here. What they were mopping up now hadn't even happened yet an hour ago.
It's really hairy in there, sir. That's where we lost McDonald. They shot the hell out of us there. That's Charlie's point.
Jesus, Clean, you ain't believe this.  Look.
Well done, Hawks.  Well done. Want some twenty-Mike-Mike-Vulcan right along those tree-lines. Ripple the shit out of them.
We gotta get some air up in these trees.  It's goddamn eat-up with the enemy down there.
What do you know about surfing, Major?  You're from goddamn New Jersey!
We can't do shit till the boat gets here.
Goddamnit!  Don't you think it's a little risky for R and R?
Thirty-eight fucking years old. If you joined the green berets, there was no way you'd ever get above colonel.  Kurtz knew what he was giving up.  The more I read and began to understand, the more I admired him.  His family and friends couldn't understand it. And they couldn't talk him out of it.  He had to apply three times, and he put up with a ton of shit, but when he threatened to resign, they gave it to him.  The next youngest guy in his class was half his age.  They must've thought he was some far-out man humping it over the course.  I did it when I was nineteen, it damn near wasted me.  A tough motherfucker.  He finished it.  He could've gone for general, but he went for himself instead.
October, 1967.  On special assignment, Kontoom Province, Two- Corps...Kurtz staged Operation Archangel with combined local forces.  Rated a major success. He received no official clearance. He just thought it up and did it. What balls.  They were going to nail his ass to the floorboards for that one.  But after the press got a hold of it, they promoted him to full colonel instead.  Oh, man, the bullshit piled up so fast in Vietnam, you needed wings to stay above it.
This sure enough is a bizarre sight in the middle of all this shit.
Wanna say hello to you from all of us up here, to all of you out there, who work so goddamn hard on Operation Brute Force.  Hello, all you Paratroopers out there!  And the Marines!  And the Sailors!  We wanna let you know that we're proud of you, 'cause we know how tough and how hard it's been!  Yeah! And to prove it, we're gonna give you some entertainment we know you're gonna like!
No wonder Kurtz put a weed up Command's ass.  The war was being run by a bunch of four-star clowns, who were gonna end up giving the whole circus away.
You can get really hung up on these broads, like that cat in the delta.
-flipped it to rock 'n' roll and boom!  Gave that little zero a long burst straight through the Playboy mag.  It blew his ass clear out off the dock.  There wasn't no more lieutenant that day.  That was it for his ass.
The sergeant?  Yeah, man.  They stuck his ass in the L.B.J. It's too bad he didn't get no medals or nothing.
He's really specializing in busting my balls.
What about you, fella?
Hey, guys.  Hey, fellas.  Guys?
We'll go to New Orleans.  I'll get you fixed up, you prick.
All right, come on, let's bring it over.  Look in that forward hooch. Bring the people out of there.
Come on, Clean, goddamnit, give me a hand!
Holy shit!  Yo, Chief, two guys just got blown off that bridge,
No shit.  Wait a minute.  Is that it?
Disneyland.  Fuck, man, this is better than Disneyland.
The Vietnamese are very intelligent. You never know what they think. The Russian ones who help them, "Come and give us their money, we are all Communists.  Chinese, come and give us guns.  We're all brothers." They hate the Chinese! Maybe they hate the American less that the Russian and the Chinese. If tomorrow the Vietnamese are Communists, they will be Vietnamese Communists.  And this is something that you will never understand, you American.
Come on, why not Europe?  Look what happened in Czechoslovakia recently.  And even before the Second World War, the Americans knew exactly what was going on! They don't want that shit to take over!
Socialist.
Socialist.
Communist.
Him!  Colonel Kurtz!  These are all his children, man, as far as you can see.  Hell, man, out here, we are all his children.
You!
Standing up.  Not even like some poor, wasted rag-assed renegade. Even the jungle wanted him dead. And that's who he really who he took his orders from, anyway.
Video Vixens.
Nerd!
Are dead.
It’s a butt. Sort of.
She’s out for the season. Off Amy - holy shit, she just made the team.
He has a crush on you, retard.
Just kidding. You’re a retard.
Whatever.
Fuck your forte.
I’m sorry I was such an ass.
Get the bags out. Get the owner's slip out of the glove compartment. We're rid of this son-of-a-bitch pink and white albatross. You don't mind taking a car with a big dent in the passenger door?
I'm sitting at the table with the best damn shot in the county! Everybody relaxes, and general conversation begins.
Yechh! Ugliest woman I ever saw -- ugly as a madman's ass she was. And frowning on top of it. Everybody laughs.
Yeah, piss and moan -- I notice you're all jazzed up in new stuff.
Call him a sissy.
Hot damn! You actually gave little Lord Gayle a black eye?
Well, he sure's hell can't sue you for slander. That boy fights for the pink team. Did you make him cry?
... a little son-of-a-bitching sweetness. That's all.
Guy I knew in the Navy had a saying: 'If you love her, here's what to do: Let her go visit places new. If she loves you, she'll come back to you.   If she don't come back... hunt the bitch down and kill her.'
Hey. Mr. Hotshot Hog and I've just been establishing some facts, and what we come up with is this: One, he's a pig who gobbles down everybody's candy; two, he lies about it; three, he lays around on his lazy ass day and night reading, reading; and four, he's not getting any ten-dollar gym shoes. That's about what we've come up with so far.
I'm not pissing and moaning.
Oh, Psycho, shut up.
You left the lid off the damn toothpaste again.
... so anyway, she went off like a Roman candle -- I mean that woman can scream. I said, 'You liked that, didn't you, baby?' I said, 'You liked the old Arch Cook special, didn't you?' Arch decides to let the sunglasses go. He and Psycho move toward the front of the store, he talks about pussy. Toby exhales.
... you two've always sided in against me, always thought you were better than me. I tried. I did the best I could. What about me? Am I supposed to just crawl off in a ditch someplace and die? I've always been the nigger. Everybody's nigger. Ever since I was little. Caroline and Toby are at the door, run across the yard and down the street. Dwight stands in the doorway, yelling:Stars! Are you kidding me? I took Rin Tin Tin out for a shit, for Christ's sakes. I taught Shirley Temple how to roller-skate. I saw Fatty Arbuckle regurgitate three cheese sandwiches right on the spot you're sitting, kid. What did you say your name was?
Oh yeah. Gotta light, sister? Goddam cigar went out.
Pleeze be careful -- my God. You have no idea...
Wait up, gawd! I had to get supplies for this boring ass night.
Kiva, shut up.
You stay outta this!
To reverse the evil which has been done I make this offering to the Divine One A whore not, an innocent was, For whom I seized a virgin's blood.
Oh shit -- Kiva!
Listen, lady, I don't know what in the hell is going on here, but I'd appreciate it if you would explain to that nutcase that he's making a big mistake.
My name is not Theodore, it's TED, TED, TED, T... E... D... TED... NOT TEDDY, NOT THEODORE... TED... Yes, my mother did me the service of naming me Theodore and I haven't a clue as to how you know that because everyone who knows that lives a long way away from here. Do you have any idea what it's like to go to school where all the other kids' parents are in jail doing time for crimes like grand larceny, aggravated assault, burglary and murder, and you get stuck with a mother who names you Theodore and dressed you up in little matching pink outfits with, get this, a little blue bow fucking tie! Well, I'll tell you what happens. Pretty soon Theodore becomes "Theo the Thumper," and when Theo the Thumper gets old enough, he packs his bags and goes thousands of miles away where he can put the whole bloody mess behind him. So, if you don't mind, shoot me now, because no one is going to call me that again. My name is Ted, okay? Got it? TED!
He's got a huge cock?
I have... scary as a motherfucker, all that darkness around you. It's like a big black carpet rolled out as far as the eye can see. Sometimes, if you're lucky, you'll see a light. It could be as small as a little spark, but it will cut a path straight through all that blackness, straight to you. It could be another boat, or some distant fire on an island, but that light will shed a shining path of diamonds cutting through mile after mile of darkness to lie at your feet. That's love, Ted, it's like a path of light in an ocean of darkness.
-- No, they're not a pain in the ass, it's the situation that's a pain in the ass.
An oven full of witches fucked you? Is that like at the circus when they stick all those clowns in an itty- bitty car?
Was she an old hag with a mole, with hair growing out of it?
Okay. But get your ass here pronto.
Pay no attention to Norman here, Ted, he's just fuckin' wit' ya, that's all. That's from Quadrophenia. Now me, myself, when I think of bellboys I think of -- "bellboy" isn't an insult, is it? Is there another name for what you do that I'm ignorant of? Bellman, bellperson --
The sociable son of a bitch on the telephone is Leo. And the person on the other end of the phone is his lovely wife Ellen.
You guys ain't bullshittin', you're gonna really go for it?
You are one radical dude.
Chester, your way of breaking the news to him gently is scarin' the shit outta him.
Look at the poor guy. Just spit it out.
-- drinkin' Cristal. Watchin' TV. "Rockin' New Year's Eve." When all of a sudden we flip on Steve McQueen and Peter Lorre bein' fuckin' badass. And I look at this funny motherfucker over here, and I say, "I'd do that for the Chevelle."
Now, Ted, my old granddaddy used ta say: "The less a man makes declarative statements, the less he's apt to look foolish in retrospect." Now there're some inherent obstacles in this undertaking. First of all, I'm not some sick fuck like Peter Lorre on that show, travelin' the countryside collecting fingers. We're all buddies, here. Nobody wants Norman to lose his finger. We just wanna chop it off. So if fate doesn't smile on ol' Norman, we'll put his finger on ice and rush 'im to a hospital, where in all likelihood be able to sew it back on.
So medically speakin', I kicked my own ass!
How come you ain’t got no high powered corporate honey to take you dancin’?
So I was around it a lot. Got pretty good at takin' shit apart, seein' how the insides worked, and then puttin' it back together. I was good at it and it put some change in my pocket.
She was a painter, kind of a gypsy. got tired a' all the shit and left. know how it is.
Aloe vera! It's a plant. What do you give a shit if people eat plants?
Hell Vass, I’m just tryin’ to run a business. 116
The aspartame in my diet coke, the steroids in my meat, the hormones in my milk, the antibiotics in the chicken. Now that’s the shit the FDA knows will kill you. Yet you’re all up there worried that some sick people will find somethin’ without you and y’all won’t get paid. Ron throws the bag of jelly beans to the security man who catches it. And he leaves the room, squeaking away. 132
Well I'm glad I'm not them - what are you doing here so late? Come to that, what the hell have you got that for?
Who are you? Where the hell am I?
How's it goin'? Way to keep it real, Mr. Hot Shit City Boy. C'mere.
It's all clear. Some teenagers probably broke in here to drink beer and bump uglies,
Even if you weren't a slimeball, aren't you forgetting you're married to my mother?
Listen--! had a case like this eighteen years back. This guy made it look as if a psychopath was at work. Then he killed his wife like it was one of the serial k i11 i ngs.
What are you talking about? McCRAE
I want you out of my office now. You never came here.
Cordell was released alive.
Your lover boyt
Nonsense. I know your friend Forrest and his MO. He's a lowlife coward. He only strikes in the dark, cutting the throats of lone victims in the middle of the night.
Who the hell was it? RIPLEY
You're stoned.
She's still a transvestite.
I'm sorry. It's these goddamned shoes. I don't know how anyone actually walks in these things.
A supermarket for the mind, my ass. I'm telling you, they're nothing but a big, fat mob laundry. Have you ever been to Davenport, Iowa? Let me tell you, they need a 30,000-square- foot bookstore like they need another goddamn cow.
Shit, James. You shot Dr. Gaskell's dog.
Double Dickel on the rocks.
Double Dickel.
Shit. He must've left it back at Thaw. In the auditorium.
Christ, Crabs, what do you expect me to do? The kid's practically in a coma.
Say, Professor Tripp, is all that stuff true about Errol Flynn? How he used to put coke on his dick. To make himself, you know, like, last longer?
The perpetrator.
How 'bout we get the hell out of here?
And don't be so goddamn sensitive. Who cares what anybody thinks anyway? You want to be a good writer? You want to be a great writer? Then stop giving a damn what other people think. Most of them haven't thought in years.
Tripp, where the hell...
Shut up, James.
It seems to me that girl would let you borrow her pancreas.
Double Dickel on the rocks.
How's it goin', miscreants?
None of them have much money on the table and all of them look pissed.
We're totally cheating you, dude.
Your brother'll kill
that dude.
Fag.
Yah, but!!! do. That is -- we love your daughters, not the two old fat dudes.
We got plently of time, but we don't got any more room, dude!
Are now crawling Dude!
Oh, James, that poor man’s blood splashed on you. James reaches back - feels the blood on his neck. He grimaces, shocked and disturbed by it - as is Mary. Damnit.
Then you married an idiot.
Jesus, man! We gotta get you to a hospital.
Get out of my way.
Don't be such a wiseass...
Fuck it. I'm gonna take your money and do something good with it.
Who do you think? Luthor. He's got his damn trucks and billboards everywhere.
Not always Guy. It just sticks in my throat how a little punk like that can end up with everything. I must have busted him and his cronies a dozen times. Never could get anything to stick. Bastard was always to smart for us.
When he was just some brat on the street him and his punks ran a protection racket down in the Bay. Bed good folks dry. He takes that cash and uses it to make a computer program then sells it to big firm out west for a billion.
I'll take him over Superman any day. Better the devil you know Jim.
Aw don't yourself.
Don~t you dare touch that dial, bitch! Suddenly our third youngster pops up over the back seat, grinning enthusiastically. He is RODGER, a likable black kid dressed~as a PIRATE •.
Get away from me.
I was jusy trying to help. OLD MAN
Fr~cripesake, Judy ••• it~s only a goddamned flat. I~m sure even Stooge can figure that out. MAX
Holy shit! Haven~t you idiots ever heard of Duracell?
But Stooge is a fat slobJ
My brother's a priest, man.
I answer to Grissom, punk. Not to you.
You're a psycho, friend. You're an A-one crazy boy and Grissom knows it.
Where the hell have you been?
Bruce Wayne? Date? He called you up and asked you for a date?... Shit.
That was one of the most gracious fuck-yous it's ever been my pleasure to watch. -- What a nice girl.
All street mimes should be executed.
Christ, it's my girlfriend.
The guy's bats all right. He's bat shit crazy. This is gonna be the most incredible --
Cut the deal.
Ready to go, Dick?
Hey, man. Look at you. You're rich. You got everything you want. How do you know what's in my mind?
perverts
you use people.
cockily.
The Other Man is always just a friend. She needs a shoulder to cry on. He sees his chance. He strikes. Next thing you know they're having lunch together at the Ground Round! Never mind that he's fat and bald and your cubicle's only three feet away and you have to listen to them having phone sex all day when you're NOT
Julie, listen to me. Do not go near that guy.
No, I'm pretty sure it's "prostate."
You know, Kieran, the last time used Peter Gabriel to get laid, was fifteen years old.
to "get laid."
as a raccoon I've this
a mime ventriloquist.
You lost control.
Guy owns a watch-store, yet keeps a million dollar apartment. Supposedly sits on his ass all day, yet takes stairs double-time.
You know, this foul-up, McKenna's son, it's all got some people's panties in a real twirl.
You know, you can front sonofabitch all you want, Bishop. You're scared, too. You don't really know how we're going to pull it off, do you? You ever think there's some things that just can't be done?
This is Asakawa, my ex-wife.
Well get im this time.
I got nuthin to say.
What are you trying to pull, woman?I done raised seventeen kids in my life. Lookin' after white babies, that's what I do.
Miss Leefolt still don't pick Baby Girl up but once a day. The birthin' blues had got holt a Miss Leefolt pretty hard. I done seen it happen plenty a times...once babies start havin' they own babies. And the young white ladies of Jackson...Oh, law, they was havin' some babies.
Uh-hum. But, I carry paper in from my own damn house. That fool don't know.
Margaret Mitchell glorified the mammy figure who dedicates her whole life to a white family but no one...ever asked Mammy how she felt about it. There is both undisguised hate for white women and an inexplicable love, but nobody ever talks about it down here.
On top a Minny losin' her tenth job, eighteen people died in Jackson that day. Ten white. Eight black.
Be right there, Baby Girl. Aibileen pulls up her panty-hose.
I know pretty well what happens if the white ladies found out we was writing about them. Womens, they ain't like men. Women don`t beat you with a stick. Naw, they like to keep they hands clean. Got a shiny set a tools they use, sharp as witches' fingernails. As Aibileen ambles toward a bench, TWO WHITE WOMEN in nurse uniforms push in front of her and sit.
Everbody know you honest, Minny.
Minny got her some stories, sho nuff. But, she ain't real keen on talking to white peoples right now.
And this "Bertha"...she's got chutzpah. I'll give her that.
I'm sorry. Thanks, Pascagoula. Pascagoula nods and starts to walk away then turns.
We gone pray for the Evers. We gone pray for Myrlie. Minny raises her fists.
She had a lawyer. A white lawyer! But Miss Hilly friends with the judge's wife. Whole thing took two days. Arrested on Tuesday, in the state pen by Wednesday.
Ever maid callin' to say they white lady's gone and bought the book. They so scared.
Oh, she gone read it. Especially after that man made such a stink on the tee-vee. She gone read it.
This is for the white lady. Tell her we love her like family.
You ain't got nothing left here but enemies in the Junior League. You done burned ever bridge there is. And you ain't never gone get another man in this town, and ever body know it. So don't walk your white butt to New York, RUN IT! Minny leans over, placing her hand on Skeeter's for the first time since knowing each other.
Whatever.
Goddamn it Steve opens the door all the way.
Goddamn it, Steve. Come home. 140
You have been hearing the sordid side then.
It’s not true! I met San Gennaro, he took me to meet the Little Monk, he’s the one who gave me the 200.000 Lire, he told me I can get pregnant now. That’s why I was late, you shit of a man, you, so I could give you a son. Maria, Saverio, and Fabietto wade through the wreckage to get to Patrizia. Her nose is bleeding.
Where’d you get all this brashness from? From you!
Signora Gentile is the nastiest woman in all of Naples. Everybody knows that.
The first time...the first time, just take what comes. Understand? No need to go for subtleties. Even a dog-face will do. You just have to get this first time the fuck out of the way, understand what your papà is saying? Fabietto can’t help but laugh. Even Saverio starts laughing, a little relieved. They’ve managed to reconnect, at least for a moment. Saverio puts his hand in his jacket pocket and pulls out an envelope.
Noooo, not my fur! Don’t you dare, you fucking little bitch! In all the ruckus, no one notices that, on TV, Maradona, after a 50-meter breakaway, is making the most beautiful goal in the history of soccer. Final score: Argentina-England 2-1. FADE TO BLACK. 37. INT. FABIETTO’S HOME. DAY Saverio, in the living room, is putting a pair of Rossignol skis in their bag. Maria, a bag over her shoulder, sticks her head in Fabietto’s room. He’s in there, studying.
No, he didn’t say “go fuck your mother!” He asked you what you want.
You’re nuts!
After a night like this, you know what we’ve become, Fatso? No, what? Friends.
I don’t want to do this, Feola. Feola doesn’t lose his cool. He says.
They left me all alone, Capuano. That’s real pain.
You come back here. Back to your failure. Because everything’s a failure. It’s all shit! Understand? No one escapes his failure. And no one ever really escapes this city. Capuano dives in, takes a couple of strokes. He surfaces again and says.
I can be an asshole.
Come on, Bruce, talk damnit... Okay, get ready to pull the plug.
Nothin' wrong with rollin' up your sleeves, son. People underestimate the benefits of good 'ol manual labor. There's freedom in it. Happiest people in the world stink like hell at the end of the day.
Wow, you lashed? You never lash. I'm impressed.
Hungry for another can of whoopass?
What if God was one of us... Just a slob like one of us... Just a stranger on a bus... Trying to make his way...
Lesbianas!
No sexo, no sexo!
Like pearls to swine.
Would it help if I told you I acted like an ass?
Hey, you said ass.
Aw, geez. Ever since that damn asteroid hit.
This is a newspaper.  And I know it's ninety percent bullshit but it's entertaining.  That's why I read it.  Because it entertains me.  If you won't let me read my paper, then entertain me with your bullshit.  Tell me a story.
White.
You also have a dick.
Today's a training day.  Gonna show you around, give you a feel for the business.  I have thirty- eight cases pending trial.  I have sixty-three active investigations. There's another three hundred and fifty cases on the log I can't clear.  I'm supervising five officers.  That's five different personalities, five different sets of problems.  You, Officer Hoyt, if you got the guts to succeed, will be number six.  I don't have time to baby-sit or hold hands. You have one day to show me who you are and what you can or cannot handle.  You can't hack narcotics, feel free to work a pussy desk pinching check kiters.  Hear me, Officer Hoyt?
I told you, Lieutenant's got our backs.  We know a week before we piss.
Hey, brother, get your ass in here.
I'm cool.  People talk shit.
Here's a joke, boy.  One day this man walks out of his house to go to work.  He sees this snail on his porch.  So he picks it up and chucks it over his roof, into the back yard.  Snail bounces off a rock, cracks its shell all to shit, and lands in the grass. Snail lies there dying.
But it doesn't die.  It eats some grass.  Slowly heals.  Grows a new shell.  And after a while it can crawl again.  One day the snail up and heads back to the front of the house.  Finally, after a year, the little guy crawls back on the porch.  Right then, the man walks out to go to work and sees this snail again.  So he says to it, 'What the fuck's your problem?'
Sit your ass up.  Hoyt!
You're a little bitty boot.
You gotta be able to handle a high.  It's a necessary job skill. I'm not kidding.  It's an alcohol world down here.  You gotta be able to hang.  To get fucked up and talk shit with sketchy sociopathic dumbasses and not pass out and get your shoes stolen.
She all woman.  Tax that ass for days.
If only they would.  But it don't work like that.  They wipe out the good folks.  Notice how it's always school kids, mommies and ass-bustin' family men catching stray slugs in their noodles.  You protect the sheep by catching the wolves.  It takes a wolf to catch a wolf.
I heard you.  Whatever.
This is Southwest Div.  Did my probation here.  Learned a lot here.  Good things.  Bad things. Kicked some ass.  Had my ass kicked.
On the left.  See that house? Dude named Spooky lived there. Mean old vato loco.  Mexican Mafia.  No one fucked with Spooky. Even got respect from the cops. We'd keep an eye on his house. You like dogs?
Twenty.  Gimme a big-ass chip.
Back to work, poo-butt.
Lives in the unincorporated part of Lynwood.  We don't wanna deal with County Sheriffs.  Fuck that headache.  Wastin' our time here. Let's head East.
I wanna get shit done.
Don't get me killed, new guy.
You got the gun, boss.
Siddown.
I don't deny my shit stinks.  I will never deny that.  So why do I got the best arrest and conviction record in the county.  Why? 'Cause I don't handicap myself with bullshit.
Fuckin' Hoyt, man.  Know what? You're alright.  You are alright.
You're in a privileged position to learn a thing or two if you can keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.  If you're serious about doing good out in the real world, this is the place to learn how. If this shit shakes you up, go back to Division and cry to the Watch Commander.  He'll find you a nice job lighting flares and measuring wrecks.  Decide now if you want to be a wolf or a sheep. If you want on my squad, I'll sign your card.
Yeah, Jesus.
Wassup, woman?  Lookin' good today.
I'm sorry.  Please get your ass in bed.  I gotta get back to work.
Whatever.
Spent twelve months trying to catch the suspect, a real slickster, gave up nothing. Captain rode my ass the entire time.  What broke it?  Luck. Caught in the act by a fuckin' patrolman.  We had him. It was the prosecutor's first serial burglary case but he slam- dunked it from a stepladder. Clockwork trial.  Jury deliberates half a day.  Comes back guilty on ten out of eleven counts.  The fuckbag was looking at a twenty- five mininum.
If the asshole's clever enough to play the system like that, I say he earned his freedom.
So I chase him down this alley and, holy shit, he's jamming two huge crackheads and there's this pretty girl with a bloody nose. Kid stopped a rape.
Jerk.
Ow, man.  I'm erasing.  Jesus.
Why are you being a dick?  What's wrong?
Here we go.  Least someone on the squad has their shit squared away.
Stay outta my way, boot.
Man, youngsters these days.  Can't get shit done unless you do it yourself.
Siddown, dude.
Hoyt blasted him.
Jake, use your ears and listen. Sometimes we take shit all the way.  That's the nature of the game.  We don't do this every day. No one will ever again ask you to pull a trigger you don't want to -- Mark, where're you transferring to?
Kick back, Wyatt Earp.  Gotta respect a motherfucker who puts you on queer street with one punch.
Because the folks had to do their shit.
You're terrified.  I know you are. Because I went through the same shit.  Everyone has.  Jake, there's gotta be dirt on you if anyone's gonna trust you.  After this is behind you, a whole new world will open up.  I walk a higher path.  I can give you the keys to all doors.
I'm not the asskicker I once was, but you are.  Want to run my unit? My guys are good but not one of those clowns is a leader.  You are.  Want my job?  You got it. Wanna lock up criminals? This is the best place to do it. Do your time and make detective. Play the game, grow wise and change things from the inside.
Dreamer!  Got your bony ass in here!
Alonzo played you like a booger.
He jacked Roger.  Blasted the dude.
Alonzo's a low-down dirty ruthless vato.
Alonzo's a hothead.  Last week in Vegas some dude was talking shit so Alonzo beat his ass and killed him.  Turns out the dude was somebody.  He ran a big game and owed big money.  Now Alonzo owes the money.
Dang!  You guys fucked him up.
This is some trippy-ass shit.
Man, you kinda creeped usTHUNK!
...and the bartender says, "Superman, you are one mean son of a bitch when you're drunk!" The others laugh. Graysmith pushes through them. Reaching his own desk. Devoid of people, away from the action. He opens his briefcase, just settling in when
Shit, you got one too? 22
Methinks our friend is a tad bit fuckered in the head. I heard he even sent Vallejo a code key to help. Impatient prick, isn't he?
No, like the urchin and raw fish.
It'll screw us.
You gents put on quite the secret meeting! We PULL BACK from the scene to take in all the hub-bub... CUT TO: 102
About a year ago in the paper, there was a story about the Zodiac, and it all comes back. I tried to call the local copsPANZARELLA They blew him off. Thought he was a nut.
Big fat no on Marshall-
You're gonna catch him. You're Dave Toschi. Toschi turns back.
WhatAVERY If it was so important, what did you do? Hovered over my desk? Stole shit out of wastebaskets? Oh, I'm sorry, I'm being unkind. You went to the library. This hits hard.
Turn that damn music off.
Things you might want to do. An occupation, a business, any goddamn interests?
We were all trapped in there. In the same shit, shit, shit, shit hole. Them and us. Am I trying to justify what we did? No. Nothing can justify what we did. Your father understood that. If you were there you could understand.
They call him Minnesota Fats cause of the movie. Ain’t many fat people in professional poker anymore. I just call him Charlie Two Chins.
People fiends.
hobbles out of the shadows, leaning heavily on a cane. his right leg encased in a metal brace. Gimlet-e¥ed, bitter, Though his face is lined wi~h wrinkl~s and hi~ ~air h~s long gone gray, since we sense he could kick the living shit out his age. of any man half
they way they pointing
of his cronies to their feet.
her die.
The wheel turns, old fang. you just got a little too the tooth.
Hell yeah.
I'm a 250 lb. Steroid pumping black sex machine.
So anyways I've been talking to some chick, dude, online.  She's hot.
Some chick dude, she's hot
Dude, she's fat.
I think they make my ass look totally hot... uh huh... trying to see it.
Don't tell me you haven't thought about being with a younger chick dude.  I know  you.  Casey, Casey Smith on the prowl.
Yeah and I got hit on by some older chicks.
No more whacked out phone calls, obviously. And honestly, I would want to meet her in person, to try and see if your feelings are real and if she feels the same. You'll gain a much clearer and accurate idea of the situation and the type of relationship that may exist between the two of you, in the real world, not virtual land.  Now, there is a huge risk in that, because what if they are real and she still doesn't feel the same for you?  It will hurt like a bitch, but at least you'll know, and you can stop putting yourself out there.  Even though that's a worst case scenario, there is a positive side to it, because you will definitely get closure either way.
No thanks. I've talked to too many hippy fucks who try to tell me everything they've learned from tripping. It usually consists of seeing how it's all energy that comes up from the ground and flows through everything, cause everything is connected and that they've learned so much, but can't describe it. I'm like OK, you've learned nonsense... great.
Well it's quite obvious I'm a horny bastard.
Give me some crazy ideas. I know you're a literature nut.
Oh my god... shit... are you okay? Are you alright?  Where are you? I'll come pick you up.
Yocr turn,
Oh bratherl
Yeah, well my ex-wife took the whole damn planet in the divorce, I got nowhere to go but up. Leonard McCoy.
Who was that pointy-eared bastard?
-- you bet yer ass, Captain --
That bloke wasn’t the boyfriend. Why do you think he didn’t say anything? They were up to no good and was probably glad that we weren’t her boyfriend.
Each to his own. But he’s a sad fucker with no social life. The Young Man raises his eyebrows. At the desk Cobb flips open a black case to reveal an ancient typewriter.
Is she with the same bloke? No.
They’ve already had me in for questioning, for Christ’s sake. They know my m.o. And it’s just a matter of time before they find the bloke who saw me leave and pull me in.
Oh I’m probably just being a nincompoop...
Jimmy the Snitch.
Gentlemen. If I have offended you in any way-KNUCKLES Don’t worry about it. We’re fond of the little fella. And let’s face it, if anyone can recognise a criminal gang, it’s us.
Get your ass out there.
Every time you go 0 for 4 you think the league is racist -- face it, Mick, you're an equal opportunity "out".
Joe, the guy's got some serious shit.
'Cause of Ebby Calvin LaLoosh.
Beats hell outta working at Sears.
I ain't hitting a man first.
Ebby honey have you ever been handcuffed in bed?
Until you win twenty in the Show, however, it means you're a slob.
Well if there's one chick'd know when you're pulling your hips out early, Annie's the one.
Damn.
You're pulling your hips out.
But they're nice hips.
Damn.
What're you guys doing here -- stealing my girl?
"To announce your fucking presence with authority"? This guy's a first ball fastball hitter. He's looking for heat.
Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh?
Have some fun, God damn it.
-- would remind you of "I" for indicator to indicate that what follows is the sign. I figure wrong -- You're a buncha lollygaggers.
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.
Helluva guy --
...and one helluva guy.
God, these panties feel great. That don't make me queer, right? Right. Whoo.
Jesus -- what's got into Nuke?
God, Annie's got a great ass... How come her panties fit me? That's one of the mysteries of sex I guess...
But beautiful as the winning streak was, I was getting damn lonely.
You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties -- then you are!
And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit.
Hey, he's just your father, man -- he's as full of shit as anybody.
It's a damn convention.
Goddamn, that's great! Jesus!
Who ain't?
Okay, I'll kick your ass there.
If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand. Ya might get injured.
How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo?
One of the Soldier Mummies LEAPS off the building and plasters himself to the back window of the bus, --WHAM! Scares the shit out of Ardeth Bey. He OPENS FIRE. Blasts the window. SBA'l"l'ER CI'l'Y. The Soldier Mummy is RIPPED IN HALF. The lower half of it's body drops away and hits the street. EXT. TOP OF BUS - NIGHT
Oh shit. Steady!
Americans.
And when those dirty Yanks go to sleep --
You two are worse than a couple of schoolboys.
'Cause I look good doin, it.
If he decides to wake up, hell yes!
RUN, YOU SONS-A-BITCHES! RUUUUN!
Beni ya little stinkweed, where did you slink off to?
YOU!
Get your hands off my girl, pal.
I'm with you, old man. No one touches my sister like that and gets away with it.
Hello Horus old boy.
These guys just don't quit.
Yeah. And all them people over there buying drinks and throwing their money after them dice and whatnot. Lucky we got none a that here.
You know Tyrone don't allow no scufflin here, Slick.
Damn.
Them nigras was singin up a storm.
You remember that this is my county, Tyrone. What goes on goes on cause I let it. Don't want to get too big for your britches out here.
You just worry about gettin these hung up everywhere in the county tomorrow. Payday come Saturday, he gonna draw alla them cotton pickers and soldiers boys in here, get us back in the black.
You bide any time in these fields, bossman gonna fire your ass for takin up space.
makin them cow-eyes at you-
Look like he got cooties, too. Straw in them boxcars is full of em.
Nobody that's right in his head sell liquor on credit. Specially not to no darktown roadhouse.
five dollars up front, just for you fellas- ?
Stackolee said To Billy Lyons "What you think bout that? First you takes all my money Then you spits in My Stetson hat."
I hate that damn song.
Better be careful, Tyrone. You know what them guitar players are like.
We want our due in this country, we got to go whole hog-
You got that boy eatin out of your hand.
Fine lookin man. Real lady killer from what I hear. Got that New Orleans style to him.
Aw, damn.
She gimme the only home I ever had.
Caught this young fella in flagrant violation of the statutes. Gawkery with intent to mope.
Saturday night, fellas! Every fine- looking colored woman in the county gonna be there- don't want to miss it!
Not my rhythm- your rhythm. That's between you and the day and the work you got before you. Once you on it, don't let nothin and nobody push you off it.
You gettin paid by the pound or by the hour?
Them boys fryin over there.
That Judge Gatlin's gang- he work them people from can until can't, ever damn day, and when his fields is picked he bid em out to the neighbors. Harvest time comes round here, you sign up with somebody fast or you stay outa sight.
You sinuatin?
He awful big to mess with.
Don't scare me none. I'm a steppin razor, man, I'm trouble on two legs.
Folks who wouldn't have nothin to do with her when she was alive.
Well you wake up in the morning Hear the bing-bong ring- Walk up to the table And see the same damn thing All Imonna tell you Knife, a fork and a pan If you say a thing about it You're in trouble with the Man
Man don't take care of hisself- out drinkin and jazzin the women every night- 73.
Got so bad, I heard there was some ole boy goes around pretendin to be Guitar Sam, fill out the gigs he misses. Does pretty well for hisself, what I hear-
-him standing there with a tray of white people food pretendin not to have a thought in his head, might be only some dust hangin in the air for all they know- but he's watchin the fingers, see, watchin them keys work. This old boy, the first one, he can play alla them Africa kinda instruments, he can play mud if you give him the key and the tempo, he's got music in his head, in his heart, in every damn piece of him there's music.
Sonny that got a screw loose is why they arrested him. Maceo, make a noise on that-
Must be doin pretty good for yourself out there, Tyrone, you hirin new people on. 80.
one night it was goin hot and heavy and Joe just passed, right there at the piano, in the middle of Black Bottom Stomp. They propped him up at the bar, stuck a drink in his hand, and told me to keep poundin
Big tall light-skin fella out of Carolina, said he's part Cherokee. Couldn't play nothin, but he waved his little stick and had this long greasy hair he throw around like Cab Calloway.
What if Mr. Hardaway was to say let the chumps keep their change, he wants the club back one way or the other?
mean as he is ugly.
You is a lie, boy! I known Sammy since he's drinkin mama's milk, hell, I known his Mama herself when she live up to Plaquemine- and you aint him!
Yall in my house, here, gentlemen. Don't have no fightin, don't have no killin, don't have none of that dismal nonsense in my house. Understand? What's your name son?
Yeah.  Two real idiots.
I move the lungs over.  First, see how big this fat son-of-a-bitch stomach is. Now... here is the strange thing, on the stomach.  Stretches.
It was my first one of these.  We were a secondary unit, in vice.  I was pretty shaky going in.  When we busted the door, looking for a junkie, the fucking guy opened fire.  One cop was hit in the arm.  He went flying... like in slow motion.
How do those cockroaches get here so quick?
Holy shit.  Somerset...
You're damn right it would.
I've built weirder shit than that.
Help me up.  I've got to piss, gold.
You'll be held in detention, deprived of your privileges and possessions.  Until you are returned to Spain where you will be judged. Have you anything to say?
You're jealous.
I saved your ass baby.
You're in the wrong flat. This belongs to George Sherlock, he's in Hong Kong, he gave me the key. get outJ
I've been helping her qet her evidence straight you berk. It slipped out.
Oh shut up.
I'm afraid so old chap.
Cigars, mister? Genuine Coobans!
That boy looked like pluperfect hell.
I'm gonna wash that man right outta my hair!
Damn.
This is an honor. We see a lot of nightmares down here, but yours are like caviar, man. You da shits!!
Salty Dog.                          Sufferin' Bastard.
You've been a hell of a figment, pal. I sure wish I could take you home with me.
A fat bastard, but damn quick on his feet.
Bitchin' good cake.
I took the liberty of calling a little press conference. We're on TV, so don't say "shit."
You guys don't know it, but you just saved my ass!
Yeah, baby! Nightmare-in-a-butt!
Boy, the nuts are out tonight. What'd that creep call you - ?
Oh for fuck's sake, Ozzie, you mean I have to go out again? All right, well, you better get dressed.
Don't be an ass, he doesn't know a thing.
My mom had an ass that could pull a bus.
Shit yeah.
Well you know, because he's such a dope.
Jus lie-een there.
Like it's talking about SigInt, and signals and shit. Which, Signals means code, you know.
It was jus lie-een there.
Talking about like, section heads here, and their names and shit. And then these other files are just, like, numbers. Arrayed. Numbers and dates and numbers... And numbers. I think                  * that's the shit, man. The raw intelligence.
I have this geek friend, Ernie Gallegos? He does computer stuff, hooks up people's computers and programs their VCRs'n shit? So he examines the files and he pulls off the digital watermark that tells what computer they were created on. Fucking child's play for Ernie.
Well, that's----he sounds very senior. I think this is some senior guy who has screwed the pooch, big-time.
..."Ironside is leaving the building." We called him Iron Ass.
`Cause I have this sensitivity. I, uh,                 * go into anaphylactic shock. My larynx                  * swells up, closes off the----Ah what the               * hell.                                                  *
He thinks my ass could be smaller. I mean, not in a mean way, he kidded about it----he's got a terrific sense of humor.
Secondly, the unauthorized dissemination of classified material is a federal crime. If you ever carried out your proposed threat, you would experience such a shitstorm of consequences, my friend, it would make your empty little head spin faster than your Schwinn bicycle over there.
We work at the Hardbodies in Alexandria.
... Jesus----grow up, man!    It happens to everybody!
Let me scrub this crap off my face.
I'm not here representing Hardbodies.
What have you done to your brother!? Woman rushes in.
Where the PHILANDERER and the FOOL sit on the sink.
On his ass, leaning over the coffee table, scribbling away.
I gib you ma word!
An addle-pated ninny!
You runt.
Sour, idiot.
Swine.
You have decided to leave, Moncho.
Don't you touch my little girl.
--there is no decision, you just write the damn thing!
But this shit is top of the line.
You stay out of there.
But my tits can wait, huh?
We gotta get you a real man.
You are way too uptight about sex.
Hey, fellas, you wanna start to behave. throwing his gold shields.·
(annoyed at the Karate Hey fellas!
We didn't get any butts.
get home. Mom? Mom? {patient, but not taking shit) I'll be home when I get home ••• I'm fine. We'll talk later, OK? Thanks, bye.--
fellas,
Take care, fellas.
You Theotis Clark?
attacked by a White
be a cop to get laid
gonna sleep togeth~r?
you should slo~ down a little.
You don’t sound Russian. Where are you from?
Hmpf. Alexei? Sacha? You want him telling you what to do? The fucking radio-ham? He’s not even Russian! Sacha looks down at his feet and shrugs. Alexei turns from his scanning of the world outside the church, looks at Vassili and nods curtly.
What’s the crazy old tramp saying?
Just.. fucking.. do it! Eva bends forward once more, places her hands on either side of the helmet and grips the rim. Ivan bites down on his agony, refusing to cry out. But she hesitates still. Vassili nudges her from behind.
What do you mean, “our fire”? I haven’t seen you shoot anything but film, you fucking DIMITRI’S VOICE Look. There is no way out of this place, but to go on. We have to stop this thing at its source.
Keep going, hooligan!
So Comrade. I think you can better continue your secret mission alone. I’m taking my men up those stairs and out of this fucking madhouse. Vassili and Sacha appear at the mouth of the chute beside Sergei.
Just keep your head, kid. CUT 'I'O:
Chris collects the damn things~ CHRIS
.Oh God. CU'? 1'0:
Let's go git it, fellas.
Man, shut up!
Play with my hairy balls!
Jesus Christ.  The dictionary?  Hell, son, I'll buy you some dirty magazines.
Illegal channels?  Shit, if there's any channel that should be illegal, it's whatever that women's channel is. Lifetime Supply of Pantyhose, or some shit.
Whatever.
Hey, man, I'm not making fun.  I'm fuckin' impressed.  I mean, "Footlong or six-inch, white or wheat," that's some serious shit to master.
Stifler, you're such an asshole.
Finch, you can be the one to date a nearly-dead insane chick.  Eat your damn imitation hot dog.
At least now I know what the hell they're saying.
What's up, fellas?
She's around.  Seems that she's taken a liking to me.  Fellas, it's time that she experienced -- The Sherminator.
Suck me, beautiful.
Suck me, beautiful!
SUCK ME, BEAUTIFUL!
Stifler, you're such a jerk.
Dude!  That chick -- is a MILF!
Don't you think you fellas could try a little tact?  I've got company.  Know what I mean?
Fellas, say goodbye to Chuck Sherman, the boy.  I am now a man.
Dude, it's not like I haven't been trying to get laid.
I know, but think about it -- At the parties that night.  Chicks are gonna want to do it.
Do you know about the clitoris?
Keep it down, dude.
Dude, watch me work.  They go for sensitive studs like me.
No thanks, you've been singing that shit all week.  If you try that at MSU this Saturday, I'm pretending I don't know you.
Me?  Nothing.  I'm the one whose ass he kicked.
You fuckin' rule!
Attitude?  Me?  I think that you guys should be more enthusiastic.  Shit, we've been trying to get laid forever, and tonight's the night we've been waiting for.  We're in this together. Don't back out on me now!
At least I learned how to shit in school.
Nah.  Fuck, you guys are right, I don't know what I'm doing.  I mean I'm acting like I've got it all together tonight.  But I know Vicky is gonna ask me if I love her.  And I don't know what I'm gonna say.  So now it's like, maybe I'll just wimp out on the whole thing.
What, you think I don't know how to get myself off?  Hell, that's what half of band camp is!  Sex ed!
Fuck yeah we will.
Fuck, I know, I freelance as an interior decorator. You know the Bowery Hotel?
Holy shit you have a lot of plates.
Yeah, I’d invite you in but Peggy’s Mom just got institutionalized for bi-polar disorder and shit’s pretty real upstairs. Tutoring is like 60% middle school math and 40% I know too much about them.
Dylan, let’s not do this. She already lost her shit once.
I play this part for you. I play this guy wearing a fleece, but I’m not just some asshole bankrolling your fitness goals.
I miss New York, man. I miss you. I look you up periodically on the internet. You look hot as hell in those party pictures. Brooke takes a step back.
Nosferatu!
Arthur put you up to this. Tell me? or do you want me in my bedroom alone before I'm an old married nag? Ever the ,tease, she toys her neck. Seward forces
Being it's Sunday and all I'm gone ask each of you to imagine you're sittin' in church right now. While today's sermon may be good they's something else on your mind. You realize you gotta take a shit.
Real bad. And you don't want to shit at the church house, naw sir. So you just sit there and think about getting home to your own toilet in your own master bath on Beech Island, South Carolina. I gotta a bidet in my master bath. Love my bidet. And a big pretty oval tub too.
Marva, fellas, Listen up. We under attack.
Watch that mouth, Maceo. That's twenty dollars right there.
You ain't hungry baby. That feeling in yo tummy?
You're here because they want you here, James. You're James Brown! I want you here. Because this isn't the chitlin' circuit man. We're done with that shit. This is an audience full of white faces and you're gonna make them love you. You're just not closing the show.
Y'all have a great show, fellas.
The British Invasion make a man strong. Make him stand up. You ain't never been down how ya gonna get on up?
I can't never quit cause it get hard. You quit, you going backwards. You going backwards, you dead. So, I take it. But I take it and flip it. I go forward. And I live.
Be back in a week or so. Mind you don't makes no mess.
You eyeballin' me, Music-Box?
Bobby. We got us enough mouths to feed an' enough butts to clothe.
Boy, pass them beans before you get your bullshit all over them.
I already did. Baby, this is the last time you're gone see my beautiful ass 'cep on TV. Six months the whole world gone know me. I gone be bigger than Cleopatra. It's written in the stars James. Yes Sir. I'm gone have the world on a string.
What are you talkin' about? Who you marryin'?
I'm taking you to the money, Nafloyd.
Knock yourself out.
It ain't right. It's too slow.     We gotta pick up the pace fellas.
James, Recording live is five, six times as expensive as the studio. And that's for some violin concerto at the Met. No one jumps up and shouts "Blow it fucker!" in the middle of The Magic Flute.
You know this little nigger?
Screw Payola.
That's right. That it. I got these Chinese knees.
What you doing man? You coming in maybe a little too late. What's the matter son. You lost your feeling?
Because a man got something to say he should say it. You got something to say?
It goin' wrong there Pee Wee, when it rise up.
You Fellas. What are those shiny things you holding.
In America today you've either got to be an entertainer or a ball player or what? If you poor, young and black, what is there? And you ask me why they on the street? It ain't politics we watchin'. It's economics.
You got kids out there that can't eat, robbing and stealing and doing what they have to do to make it. And if you don't do something about it we gonna lose the country. I go to Harlem, talk to Rap Brown, talk to the Nation they call me a separatist. Here we're on our way to the White House, Pop, and they already calling me an Uncle Tom. So what I supposed to do?
It says you kissin' up to the Man James.
We ready fellas?
Come watch how Poppa don't take no mess.
Fellas. I hear ya. I really do. And I appreciate the honesty. That can't be easy. No Sir. You got grievances. You got your own selves to think about. Hell, you're men. I dig it.
Negro, what makes you think I'm leaving? I been here all the time, Mr. Brown. I'm still here.
Do that button up son.
What the hell you talking about? "Fill this place all myself"? "No problem?" You sayin' I'm slippin'?
Bobby, how you gone stand on your own feet? You just spent twenty years gettin' fat on a man's dollar. I produce a record for you and now it's gone to your head. You go talking big behind my back. You go sneaking round, raising heat off another man's name. We here, we doing something and you making plans sucker?
Well I ain't gone tell.I saw a severed head once. Except for the, paleness, it looked healthy, well-fed. The end came abruptly you could tell 'cause the mouth froze in mid-sentence. "Shh.  ," the curled lips attempted. Like it started saying "shucks" or "Shirley" or... "shit happens." Your eyes don't forget things like that. Like you don't forget the sound animals make when they're humping. Primal. Raw. They endure in you forever because the senses have a brain all their own and they recall long after you've succumbed to the la-la of forgetfulness.
Schoolyard activities abound. Buses, bouncing balls, and hoards of screaming little anti-christs.
Give me a kiss, you snot.
Where's that car, Jesus!
Nutri-cop. Horus keeps walking.
Ain't half the Man. Horus simply walks away.
Shit stinks.
Kick his ass, Percy.
Let's go. Let's have it. While we're still kids. Nothing from Aaron - just a lot of balls.
Use to be, I blame the job. The job. think, bullshit job. Not right for a man. "To observe and record..." I say, what a t's for the hell is DIo nly dogs. They got a d o o gs in t g g hisn reason we're he d re, we don't shit on the carpet. Horus looks away. Doesn't want to hear it.
are. Did You're a fool, that's what you you think I was completely blind when I married you? Something cuts at your masculine ego and it's the pressure... the standard's unreasonable. The woman, she wants me to part oceans. That's the kind of bull shit's made of. I went w through it...,I was there when the hurt came, when the academy said no. I there. And when you felt like hiding... from me and your ownforward. taking
oh shit. Hancock in a foul mood. He brushes the Hoodlum away, sending flesh and bone against the opposite wall. SNAP goes the landing. The Hoodlum. Dead. Hancock - realization. He hastens to the body... limp... broken.
He's dead, man.
Take a hike, Longfella. Get back in your hole and watch the law kick some ass. Horus, reluctant, returns inside his building. Rutgers moves to work the speakers - his action preempted by the other COPS.
Relax your crack, Foghorn, I'm workin' on it.
He's got it.  Saved your ass again Jack.
Such a nice ass.
Take off your God damn coat!
You don't know what you're missing. This is the Mt. Everest of hacks.
They stamped it, didnít they?  Those damn Gideons.
Red light, green light.  Asta Lasagna mother fucker.Like he’s eating all of this insane Vietnamese food that he just got for free and the woman who delivered the food looks exactly like the hot girl from Pussy Riot and now she’s situated in the corner playing unspeakably beautiful melodies on the harp. While he’s just going to town on that food. So yeah. That’s the best of times. Meanwhile, CUT TO:
Maintain relationships even with citizens of the most dicked-upon nations. For example, Scott Mayhew, the Gothy dork I’m sitting next to here. It took years of cultivation to win his trust. Scott plays a card entitled “Common Highland Berserker.”
Dude’s got issues.
Isn’t prom like six months away? They turn their gaze to Greg. Who is this schmuck who’s gonna talk trash on medieval prom?
And will someone please tell me what is up with this guy’s hair! It looks like an orc’s pubes! No one laughs. Oh Jesus.
I mean I am a dick for complaining about it. I didn’t actually mean any of that.
Course it’s girly. It’s a girl’s damn room. My room ain’t got no pictures of James Bond in no thong.
Naw, we friends. He just hates callin anyone his friend. Dude’s got issues.
Man, I don’t even know. Might be his folks. Dude’s mom always tellin him how handsome he is, which... he ain’t.
So he think he can’t trust nobody who’s close to him. Dude’s weirdass dad don’t socialize with nobody cept the cat. So that’s a role model ain’t got no friends.
Oh my God I can’t wait to see it. I have to run. You guys are the best. Rolling!! That’s a wrap!! Ha ha! The boys watch her go. Titties.
Damn. 66
Oooh, Greg. This pillow’s name is Francesca. She’s a filthy Italian woman. STOP IT.
Ass-andge.
Assangggeh.
Hell you want.
You’re like, uh, Julian Ass-andge.
You’re a good goddamn kid.
And that reason is, when you come right down to it, and just say it, simply, without screwing around: He has to say something.
I’ma level with you. I never even liked makin the damn films. I like watchin crazy-ass films. But I hated makin em.
Listen, son. I’m just tellin you. Your dad’s around. He around all the damn time. Fact he around too much. Talkin to the cat, starin into space. But to hell with it. That’s gonna be me. Serve my kids funky-ass food, show em films with subtitles. Wear random ethnic shit.
And it probly will be. You probly ain’t shit without me. But that’s what friends do. They gotta watch. Even when they hate that shit.
Ha, ha, ha. I'll kick your ass. No really, let me show you my girlfriend. She's really cute.
Why the hell not?
against that now, at the bank. Buy the business. And Ed becomes a silent partner. Now here's the beauty part. While we're on TV I plug the shit out of the business. Free advertising.
Whew! 1 am kicking hairy ass!
This is real, Bananahead!
This used to be a regular thing. And the worst part, is while she'd be waiting for me to come down to some bar and get her, she'd start up with some guy and say "Wait 'til my brother gets here, he'11 kick your ass." So then I walk in and there's some rhinoceros in a windbreaker who tries to shove me into a shot glass. And Marcia's drunk and screaming "Kick his ass, Ed. Kick his ass."
I'm out here an hour a night and I feel like a dork. You're on every minute! Doesn't it just drive you nuts?
Hell yeah. The guy hasn't had any sex in six weeks.
Yeah, but when they went off people weren't making fun of them. They weren't bozos! I'm Pumpkin Ass again!
I'm a tramp
A couple of years ago my Uncle Roy got bit on the ass by a dog.
You're fired!
Whadda you care?
Hey, watch your mouth. Don't talk like that. She's still my wife.
The fuckin' papers are full of Robinson and nothing on Jake -- and Jake knocked him clear outa the ring in Detroit. He's the only guy ever to beat Robinson. Whatsa matter with you? I thought we had an arrangement.
C'mon, Jake. You're makin' us look stupid. I brought these guys up here, now you don't wanna talk to them? What are ya doin'? Open your mouth, for Christsake.
Now take your panties off.
I can't do it. I can't fool around. This Robinson, I gotta beat him again. I can't fool around. Don't come near me.
Say what you gotta say. Don't be a smart ass.
I fought one hundred and six professional fights and none of them bums figured out how to fight me -- they kept hitting me in the head!
Did Salvy fuck Vickie?
What bullshit? Hey, I'm your brother. You wanna believe me -- you trust me?
Hey, honey, give these fellas a round on me. I can tell they're gonna be regular customers.
Whew! Any girl that can kiss like that can drink in my club any time!
Except here, gentlemen, with you bums. I call you "gentlemen"... but you know what you really are! You know, this place used to be pretty exclusive... now they got bouncers outside to throw the drunks in! My first night here I said to the boss, "Where's the toilet?" -- He said, "You're in it!" By the way, this engagement is just a stepping stone for me. If I do good here, I'm ready to get out of the business!
Shut up Ben.
The slut from heaven?
Were not dude.
No. The killer could be offing chicks who haven't given head.
You Miss Dunlop?
Sharon's far from a slut.
My mother said, after you and your three droogs raped her Brent, that people in town refused to let her use their bathrooms. Is that true? Did people really call her a slut and tell her 'you can't shit here'? She used to snarl that at me. That's all she really did, at least in my direction, was snarl. When she looked at me, she saw only you.
He's looking to get laid.
You gonna hang 'em, Little Bill?
Hell no.  Leastways, they won't pay to do it.
Son, this here pig gotta be moved outta this pen, away from them others.  Penny, you give yer brother a hand...
Well, Uncle Pete said you was the goddamndest meanest sonofabitch ever lived an' if I ever wanted a partner for a killin', you was the worst one.  Meanin' the best.  On account of you're cold as snow an' don't have no weak nerve nor fear.
I'm a damn killer myself, only I ain't killed so many as you because of my youth.  Schofield Kid, they call me.
Paw, I can't move that damn pig.
No cussin' now, Will.   Go on out the pump an' clean up some an' I'll be along.   Check them other pens.
Used to be I could cuss an' hurt an animal... til your departed mother, God rest her, showed me the error of my ways.
Roof?  Jesus, Skinny, I done practically every damn thing myself.  Roberts boy hauled wood, that's all.
Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna be the first of the billiard barons.
Oh, shit, Bill, I guess nobody's gonna come clear from Texas.
You could run off them two cowboys.
What'd they do anyhow?  Cheat at cards, steal some strays, spit on a rich fella?
I ain't the same, Ned.  Claudia, she... straightened me up, got me clear of the whiskey an' all.  Us goin' to do this killin'... that don't mean I'm back to like I was. I just need the money... for a new start... for them youngsters.
Hell, no.  I'm just a fella now. ain't no different from anyone else no more.
Sounds like a damn John Bull to me. "Gitto."
Shut up, Joe.
It was all loaded.  Jesus, Clyde, you got three pistols an' only one arm for Christ sake.
Asked what they looked like, that's all.  Christ, maybe he's tough but he sure ain't no carpenter.
No shit, Little Bill, all he's got is this here book.
Had to chase the damn horse a mile.
I seen two fellas followin' me, I guessed they come to kill me.
Keep your damn hands offa that rifle, Mister.
Clouds, Kid.  We was lookin' at them clouds on account of we got a storm ridin' up our ass.
Oh yeah... Duke.  Well, Bob, you always was hell an' Jesus with a pistol... but seven of 'em, an' you protectin' the lady too... How'd you do it?
Some folks did call Old Corky "Two Gun" but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried.  An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on...  Well, one day Corky walked into the Blue Bottle and before he knows what's happening Bob takes a shot at him... and misses on account of he's drunker than hell.
Bam!  That Walker Colt blew up in his hand...  which was a failing common to that model.  Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
You boys are crotchety as a couple of hens.
I brung this for when we had to kill them fellows.
A fella's askin' for you, Alice.
No,... but I can't abide them kind... an' you will find a lot of them in the saloons... tramps an' drunk teamsters an' crazy miners... sportin' pistols like they was bad men, but not having no sand nor character... not even bad character.
Three seedy lookin' fellas come inta town, Bill.  They're down to Greely's an' at least two of 'em got guns.
Jesus, Bill you look like shit.
Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to call you a no good sonofabitch an' a liar, an' if I was to say you shit in your pants on account of a cowardly soul... well, I guess then, you would show me your pistol right quick an' shoot me dead, ain't that so?
On account of they seen you was beatin' on their friend.
Hell, yeah.
I guess you're the one them cowboys cut up.
Oh, Jesus, fella...
Finish him, Ned.
Them assholes can't hit us up here.  Just wastin' bullets.
I'm thirsty, Slim, Jesus, I'm thirsty.
Shut up, Kid.
Ned, don't pay no mind to what the Kid said about the money.  I'll bring your share along, hear?  The Kid's full of shit, hear?
Well, he's holding on to his shit like it was money.
Well, that fella today, you shot him alright.
About where you an' him
Hold it hold it.  After them two, it's outta your own pocket... hear me, Skinny? ...an' we're pullin' out early tomorrow an' chase these fellas clear to Texas so I wouldn't spend much of your own money.
You there, fat man, speak up.
I'm the Goddamn district attorney. It's my business to know.
What I mean is the cheapest woman tends to be the one you pay for.
No one said whore. She inferred
Pretty impressive response time, fellas.
Hey. Smart-ass. You want me to trim the other nine nails?
In my pocket. My hand, man. I can'tHe digs 1n the Punk's pocket, comes out with keys.
Where the hell did he go?
The man he assaulted.
Fine as frog's hair. Rarer, too. Most'a them fellas out there can't shoot worth a damn ... Oh, they can hit a steel plate at a'hunny yards, laugh at the sound it makes. But ask'em to put three rounds in the black and they'll suck it,
You said you served with him and you're no Jarhead. Man on a flyin' horse could see that.
I'm saying it's possible Barr had a friend. One who switched the targets on the range. Maybe Barr let him. Made him feel like King Shit having his name on your wall.
One of these nuts is likely to kill you if they find that camera there.
Marty's a booger.
Really got her goat that time.
Brady's a booger and so are you!
That drunk!
You booger!
You booger.
Jane's wunnnderful.
Damn straight!
Could be I know a fella who's still PO'd over getting fined two hundred bucks for that little fender bender out on the Ridge Road last year.
Could be I know a fat old fella who ought to take care of his mouth before someone comes along and turns it inside out. I pay Joe Haller's salary to keep the people in this town safe, and he ain't doing it.
Damn straight!
Shut up, Porter.
Damn straight!
Shut up, Porter.
Help me Porter, goddammit!
Well, Elmer, there are folks that'd say you've been half-assed most of your-
Joe, what's wrong with you? I ain't never seen you like this.
She and dad are out back lighting the barbecue. Jane's walking around like she's King Shit of Turd Mountain. Like always.
Whowuzzit?
That's just about the craziest damn story I've ever heard, Al.
Then I'd have to kick your ass, dear boy.
I feel like a horse's ass.
Don't you touch me, snotbrains!
Bastard Marty!
Bastard Marty!
Wendy! I really don’t need romantic advice from my little sister at the moment. Let’s just take care of this situation and stay out of each other’s shit. Okay?
Get out of my room, Wendy.
Shut up up there.
You shut yourself up.
Naw, man, I don’t piss on my hands.
The Clelands need to be arrested.
...don’t go starting ANY SHITTEDDY WHIPS FROM HIS CORE, ARMS SWEEPING BROADLY AROUND, DEFLECTING THE GUN BARREL AS DWIGHT FIRES INTO THE TRUNK. PATANG! TEDDY LAUNCHES FROM THE TRUNK AND TACKLES DWIGHT TO THE GROUND, ELBOWING HIM HARD TO THE FACE. Teddy snatches the gun and SLAMS THE PHONE INTO DWIGHT’S
You boys have all gone up in these babies. Hats off to you. I envy you fellas...
Oz... I think you did it, boy. I'm little. I'm shrunk right down to nuthin'.
Okay, Tuck... get a grip on yourself. We've got a little snafu here, as we
Okay, fellas -- what's the joke?
You!
You okay, fella?
This car's a classic! It's the only thing I own that's worth a shit! 220
Damn...
is being squeezed by Igoe.
You ever Yeah.
White people.
Father of Apollo? Nice pad on Yes. Mount Ol~pus? Don't-fuck-with-meor-I'll-shove-a-lightning-bolt-upZeus, man, the Roman god. your-ass? You got a problem with it? Mcclane
You're wasting your time. Bob Simon was a bankrupt businessman who kidnapped his former partner's daughter. He's a fuck-up, not a psychopath. The guy we're dealing with is nuts.
A nut who knows a lot about
This i-s gonna be an interesting fellahs.
white.
isn't a "white" problem, Zeus.
Shit, you're right. let's so it's see ••. seven wives, forty-nine sacks, three hundred and forty-two cats and two thousand ••.•
This has been fun, fellahs,
The kids have been put in common areas: gymnasiums and cafeterias. Charlie's guys are going school by school. So far they haven't found shit. LAMBERT
He:1? ya' ll, don't forget we .:rai.e,, in'· money ti::, buy J()hnny &rawn some ba.:Jket:ball =hoes. ae go~ scouts CO!nin• to ~e<f: hi~. but his kicks i~ rffggedy. Wle only n-eed
Shit -- the tarp. BRIDGES
Die you fucker! Get off my planet! Booker opens up -- unleashes a stream of bullets -- full automatic bullets tear into the thing. It goes down, collapses on the jungle floor. Booker throws the gun down.Hey, Fize!  Get your butt in here.  Harry's inside.
For Dana, schmuck.  Bring your kid something.  You know.  The dad thing.
Come on, Fize.  We're late for our butt-grinding.
Jesus, Harry!  You guys really screwed the pooch last night. Please tell me how I can look at this, that it's not a total pooch- screw.
So far this is not blowing my skirt up, gentleman.  Do you have                      * anything remotely substantial?                         * Don't be pumping beets up my ass                       * here.  Do you have hard data?                          *
Those wimps.  It's because I use                       * my diplomatic contacts to export cultural treasures from countries which tell them to take a hike.
Gonna try to get a closer shot of                      * Beavis & Butthead.                                     *
I couldn't believe it.  I go back to get this report I need, right, and the phone is ringing, so like a bonehead I answer it--
Look at the way the little punk is driving.  He's all over the place.  Look-- he hasn't signalled once.
We'll teach that little puke not to signal.
Just an hour?  You should tell this stud to take more time.
I say we concentrate on work. That's how I always got through it whenever my life turned to dogshit.  Let's catch some terrorists and then you can beat the crap out of them.  You'll feel better.
Women.  Can't live with 'em. Can't kill 'em.
Those idiots.
Some kinda legal secretary of something.  Married to some boring jerk.
The woman has her head in the guy's lap.
There's so much I wanted to do in this life, and it's like I haven't done any of it.  And the sand's running out of the hourglass.  I want to be able to look back and say:  See!  I did that.  It was wild and it was reckless and outrageous and I fucking did it!
Shutup, both of you.
Because they're very well-funded raving psychotics, and I'm getting a lot of money.
... well get the Highway Patrol to go through the streets and tell everybody on their damn loudspeakers.  Just the basics... get away from windows, don't look at it... yeah--
Harry!  We'll get her out!  We                         * have a man inside already .  .                         * .  Harry!!  Aw, shit... here we go.
Sleazy...and demure.
Unh-uh, pal.  You've got yourself mixed up with somebody else.
I didn't know you were so kinky.
Lori says he can't remember jack shit!
The Martians all love Kuato.  They think he's fuckin' George Washington.
Ya know, Doc, you could have folled me.
Not bad, for a hooker.
The first settlers are buried here. They worked themselves to death, but Cohaagen ended up with all the money. He built cheap domes and watched their kids turn into freaks.
You see, Quaid, none of my people could get close to Kuato.  The fucking mutants could always sniff us out.  So Hauser and I sat down and invented you: the perfect mole.
Perfect, my ass!  --You pop your memory cap before we can activate you.  Then Richter goes hod wild, screwing up everything I spent a year planning. --Frankly, I'm amazed is worked.
Cohaagen knows it makes air.  But the bastard won't turn it on.
I’m pretty sure white.
Fabula never got you. She thought she’d bagged some fancy British man rather than just Ivan... I know she helped with the addiction and everything, but... You’re over that. We have to find you someone. It’s too bad neither of us are the type to go whoreing.
Well, there’s so much crap out there. Silence.
You’re shouting at me, man.
Holy shit. Mahler hops up and approaches Greenberg.
Shit, I left my chapstick... Greenberg looks outside. A blue wind-sock in the shape of a man billows outside a car dealership.
You work the system right, you could ask her yourself.  Just be thankful you're not working for Household.  The Queen never lets them out of her sight.  But wee spats like us can slip through the net, easy.
I'm no wee spat, ARCHIE.
I didn't come all this way to sit on my arse.
... so Grant here and myself are riding over Lochnagar and the rain's pouring down in sheets and all we're thinking about is getting home for a drink, when through the gloom Grant spots a couple of poachers.  He gives me a shout and we chase them down towards the loch until Grant has your men up against the stacks and he's shouting and cursing at them, "Why are you poaching on Royal land?!"  And one of the little fellas looks up at him and says, "coz we've come up in the world."
She's refusing to leave Balmoral.
You watch your tongue.
Come on, man, I'm telling you what you already know.
Then I envy yo.
(pause Will you no listen to me, woman?Yeah, yeah, yeah. He can be an asshole, but he gets things done. That's how I'm gonna be from now on-Okay.
The "fucked up years." That reminds me, talking about fucked up... did I ever tell you the story of my little Cleopatra kitty? No? Okay, I think you would remember if I did. When I was a little girl I had this cat named Cleopatra and every spring she would jump the fence and get pregnant and always end up with a litter of exactly two kittens. Two kitties?
Well, okay, so he doesn't get excited about tits, cars, booze, nothing. He just thinks about death.
I mean, I'm sorry to say it, but he's actually a closet macho. He dreams of having a bimbo for a wife.
I bet you have a gigantic penis.
Do you? I used to kick your ass at ping pong on those concrete tables.
No, barely a year. I mean the funny thing is, this woman was a frickin' saint. Yeah.
Shit, you're really working it.
Oh, shit, who is it? The kids.
You're an asshole. You know what sweetie, when are we moving to Chicago? I want to make sure we are able to find a nice house and I can sew the drapes and pick matching bed covers.
Alright. Do you remember that time that you were like 35 minutes late to pick the girls up from school and you were so stressed out because you knew they were out there in the playground wondering what the hell had happened to you. Okay, that is the way I feel all the time, you know like I fucked up. I mean, I left him behind and I just wanna go get him.
Okay! Well, uh, let's start at number one - okay, number one, you're fuckin' nuts, alright? You are, good luck finding somebody else to put with your shit for more than like 6 months. But I accept the whole package, the crazy and the brilliant. I know you're not going to change, and I don't want you to. It's called accepting you for being you.
Save you from being blinded by all the little bullshit of life.
How's my French ass? Nice.
Mind your own business.
No, I don't think you do. But most of us here recognize an asshole from Rotherbaum, when we see one.
If they have eaten from this it is no wonder they got sick. It is full of rat shit. You see? Karin picks some of it up in his hand. She shows it to Carl and Sebastian. She can't help smiling.
Listen up! You have eaten rat shit. All of you. Which can be fatal. So get it all out of you system.
Yeah .. Hell, yeah.
Are you going to shut up?
You — you know damn straight who it is. Tony Clifton! A name to respect.
Goddamn, I paid five dollars for this.
But... didn't it bother you that Foreign Man is usually a naive standup comedian, and now instead he's a garage mechanic? The punks scratch their heads.
I wanna kill that jerk. CUT TO:
Oh. So you were just pretending to be an asshole. Andy nods, pleased.
You wanna "wraaastle" me?! You wanna "WRAAASTLE" ME?? Okay Lawlor — let's rumble! Yeah, I've only wrestled women, but they were bigger than you! In fact, they're probably smarter than you, cause you're from "Maaamphis, Taaanassee"!
Hey! Did you come down here to wrestle, or to act like an ass?
You're a wimp.
Then your father's a wimp.
Hellllo...
H-h-helllllllllo?
Sir. Good queer, Sir.
But...uh...even though I feel queer, Sir, I should mention that I'm also feeling quite gay...so, a little queer, but mostly gay.
Fuck. Well, then you have to just come over sometime this week or something, okay? `Cause it's getting weird for them.
Yo. It's Dale. Mind if I come by and pick up some shit?
Dude. Seriously. It's like if that Blue Oyster shit and the Afghan Kush I got had a baby, and meanwhile, the craziest Northern Lights and that red-ass Espresso Snowflake had a baby, and then by some miracle those babies met, and fucked - then this would be the shit they'd birth.
It's called Pineapple Express. My guy Red told me it's when this Hawaiian flood takes special dirt to the weed or some shit. It's pretty scientific. And I'm the only guy in the whole city who has it. And, its only ten bones more for a quarter.
Dude...you wanna smoke this thing with me?
That's fuckin' sweet! Ilegal love! You're like Jerry Lee Lewis. I just read his biography.
That's totally true. Except tomorrow. Thanks to that bitch daylight savings, I gotta go change my grandma's clocks forward at 7am. Or 8am. I seriously can't figure it out.
Yeah, but not like this one, man! He's what I want to be one day. He's like the "Jesus of Weed". So...I guess he's like Jah. Or Scarface.
Cool. So, what's your game-plan? You gonna call the cops? Cause if you do, I'd appreciate it if you left my shit out of this shit.
Come on, man. Tomorrow. I'm scared shitless. I want to think things through before I do anything. Let's go in the morning. Please.
Yeah...okay. Less scary shit happens in the day.
No...Shit. That one's way scarier than the one I was thinking of. Mine had Arnold Shwartzenegger in it. Now I'm thinking of the fucking Blair Witch.
Look. Red, I just don't want to pull you into the shit we're in. It's just trouble.
Don't beat me up! Saul, dude, I'm Red!
I know there's this lady cop. He could have more, I don't know. He's got pretty crazy connections. He's also got a cool- ass hideout. It's crazy man.
Like, really balls.
I probably couldn't have done it without you. Thanks, man. It is fucking pimp.
Really? That's awesome, man. That means a lot to me, `cause, like, plenty of dudes come in to buy and pretend to be all buddy-buddy with me, but in my head I'm always, like, "you don't like me, you like my drugs, so fuck you, buddy!" You know? And just so you know, I totally could have lit that cross-joint on my own. I'd just have to use candles, but, like, I've never smoked one of those with anyone before.
Whoa. You're that dude. You lucky fucker.
Oh shit, man! I'm sorry! I thought she'd keep going.
I'm great. I'm fine. I miss you. So, here's the plan, babe. I'm going to leave town and contact a government official or something. From somewhere safe. I know this shit is all fucked up and I just can't apologize enough.
Go to the hospital, man! Are you crazy. You don't have to die.
Fuckin eh, amigo.
Fuck no! I've been shot. By these guys. I was in shock before, but the air on the drive cleared my mind, I should get to the hospital. You saw Reservoir Dogs, right? I got shot in the best spot possible. I could have a long and fruitful life ahead of me. Full of possibilities. Go get `em, slugger.
Holy shit, man! I'm sorry!
They got your ear.
They were fighting Asian dudes, man.
Don't worry, man. Look at Evander Holyfield, he looks totally normal. And plus, I saw this thing on the Discovery Channel, they can actually grow ears, like, in a petri dish, or even on the side of a mouse. And you only need half of one. It'll be a fuckin' cinch.
You're that dude whose always calling KSTAR about havin' two garbage days. I totally agree with you, man. I work out of my house, and it's, like, one of my main concerns, garbage pile up.
Whatever you say, TJ Hooker.
Wow, a flying rat's ass.  That would be wild to see.
Half an hour.  I want to see your dance club asses at the store.
Jerks.
Whatever.
Back off, chicklet!
Dad, nothing personal, but Emily's like a pigwoman from a planet of pig people.  And she's trying to take Steve on her porky little spaceship so she can take him back to the Planet Pig!
Ritchie, you're the man.
Okay, but let me know if you need some carbs.  I got a case of 'carbolicious' in the back.  But supplements aside, can I get some quality time with you fellas?
Bro, you're mad cowing on me. Relax.
Sir, I just want to say, and I mean this with the utmost sincerity, it is an honor to shoot the shit with the owner of the club of all clubs.
I was just thinking, you know how people get bummed waiting outside to get in the club.
You mean like nitrous oxide? Whippets?
Sweet ass cottage, Mr. Zadir.
Of who?  We'll kick his ass.
She's a maneater!
For your information, Dad, we are working our asses off.
I think we should call it 'The Nudist Colony.'
Ragin' party last night.
Sweet ass time.
Sweet ass.
That's the problem with nightclubs.  Poor schmucks look just the same as rich schmucks.
I'm tall enough to kick your ass.
Sweet ass sweet.
It's not all sweet asses.  Running a club is a lot of hard work.
Sorry there, old Spudhead.
Sure is a hairy fellah.
I mean Humpty Dumpty was pushed...
That's Mr. Potato Head to you, you back-stabbin' murderer!
You!
Hey!  Hi, there, little fellah! Come out here.  Do you know a way out of here?
Oh, I'm a sham!!
Oh, quit your whining and pay up.
He's in the psycho's bedroom!
Hi ya, fellas.  To infinity and beyond!
Something's screwy here.
Nice work, fellahs.  Good job. Comin' out of the ground -- what a touch!  That was a stroke of genius.Come out you little bastard!
Oh, this is fantastic. So all we have to do is kill this Moffit guy and we get all the money!
Why ith dat newth?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Three minutes of scalding ass comes out in a primal cry. He jumps up and down in pain and grabs his butt in a desperate attempt to cool it off. Then he looks at his hand. It's brown with peanuts in it.
You only want him for his hot rack.
He's like the Pope. Like we're gonna snake a girl away from the Pope.
- Joe Piscahpo:
I have had that little shit, no offense, over here so many times, How dare she make you feel that way? It’s fine.
That was a week ago. And without footie, no one’s going pro around here, son. Greater good, yo. Fuckshit nods his head understanding. He pulls out a couple bills and tosses them in Fourth Grade’s hat. They all go back to watching Plan B’s “Virtual Reality” skate video on the screen.
Fuck. Chocolate, yeah, that’s the one. Imagine you and me decked out in all Chocolate gear. Free gear they just send us on the regular. We’d have the whole crew decked out in all Chocolate gear. Fuckshit and Jorge smile. They’ve had this day dream before.
Stevie pushes a couple of times and starts gliding again. He glides for a few moments, determination on his face. He busts another awkward attempt at an ollie...and SLAMS EVEN HARDER. It took the wind out of him but won’t let it stop him. CLOSE again on his face and the gravel underneath it. Stevie could not give a fuck about the pain. He won’t fucking stop.
DUDE. That was embarrassing as shit for you, yo!
Oh. Damn.
It basically is what it’s called when you jump off the ground with your board. You can’t do any fucking tricks if you can’t ollie, yo. Ruben thinks for a moment and then picks up Stevie’s board and places Stevie’s back wheels of his board in the crack of the sidewalk.
people, man. That’s gay as hell, yo.
YES. That shit is eighties as fuck and has a wack ass neon Velociraptor on it screaming “cowabunga”. You look retarded, yo.
You’re fuckin’ funny, yo. Weird as hell but funny. They both laugh a little. Stevie realizes something.
Can black people:
What are black people?
The gates are locked and the crew immediately start throwing their boards over the giant fences and start climbing up and hoisting each other up. Stevie looks a little freaked out. He has never hopped a fence before. He struggles over, awkwardly. The crew starts lining up benches and setting up picnic tables in an order to their liking. They start doing tricks on the benches and picnic tables. We see shots of the crew trying tricks, talking shit and laughing. Stevie is practicing incredibly hard. He takes hard falls and the crew notices. After a particularly hard slam, Fuckshit extends a hand to Stevie to help him up. He takes it. It means a lot. Fuckshit skates off and attempts some tricks. Stevie skates over to Ruben who is drinking from a big gallon of water. He offers the last bit of water to Stevie. Stevie has the last few drops and puts the jug down.
Jorge’s just got the sickest style
Whassup, fool? Stevie smiles.
You’re riding bitch, yo. Cool.
Oh, and what are you nigga?
I don’t know, yo. It’s close. Sunblock got that nigga from “Home Alone” vibe going on.
Holy shit, that’s Daniel Castillo and Chico Brenes.
I’m a senior in high school, it’s not like all of the sudden I’m gonna get into Harvard or some shit. Everyone is quiet thinking about their own situation.
That is stupid, yo.
You got this, man. Ruben shoots daggers at Stevie.
Shut the fuck up, yo!/You’re retarded! Ruben looks as if he might cry. Stevie is woozy, but is in heaven. Both shirts are now soaked through with blood wrapped around his head. Fuckshit picks up Stevie’s board which is broken in half. He hands it to Stevie. Stevie is really upset his board is broken. Fuckshit pats him on the back. Stevie gets woozy again and back to the high of the positive attention he is receiving. INT. STEVIE’S HOUSE - FRONT ENTRANCE Stevie tries to sneak inside the house with his board without making a sound. Almost the moment he walks in Dabney rushes towards the front door. Stevie?
I really appreciate it, but I’m not gay or whatever.
Yeah, it’s a fucking nightmare. Especially middle school. Stevie just kind of nods his head. Doesn’t know what to say.
Jorge is so cool. He’s like, the coolest fucking person. But he probably doesn’t think I’m that cool. Like he probably doesn’t want to be best friends or whatever. She smiles at how cute Stevie is.
What the fuck’s up, Sunblock? Stevie smiles from ear to ear. The Crew starts laughing. Give Stevie bro hug props.
Stevie did not know that.
Estee is bangin’. Props little, nigga.
That’s dope/props. Jorge looks at Stevie and smiles and laughs a little. Jorge is pretty wasted and is proud of the other Casanova in the group.
That’s what’s up, homie! The guys all drunk skate. Jorge is veering on uncomfortably fucked up. He puts his arm around Stevie.
Jorge came to my house, dragged me to the Courthouse, and made me go skating with him ‘til the sun came up. They sit in silence for a long beat. Fuckshit punches Stevie’s arm with a love tap. Let’s go.
I know it sounds crazy, but cinnamon. Just a fucking dash of cinnamon. These are ready! Kids swarm and grab at the burgers and hot dogs like zombies at flesh. Within seconds the tray is empty.
Look who’s got his fucking ride back, nigga! The crew is excited. He pops the trunk and Stevie and the crew help him carry booze and 40s out of the back and put them in ice buckets. The skaters all attack the booze. TIME CUT: INT. ULTIMATE STORE BATHROOM - LATER Stevie walks into the bathroom and sees Jorge meticulously grooming himself in the mirror. He slicks back his hair and makes sure his outfit looks absolutely perfectly “messy”. Every tear in his Dickies or rolled up sleeve is incredibly thought out and deliberate. He notices Stevie walk in, but doesn’t have a shred of shame or embarrassment about his grooming ritual.
This little bitch will do anything we tell him to. The pros laugh. We see on his face, this makes Stevie feel really bad. He thought he was past that kind of thing with Jorge. We see Stevie make the conscious decision to lean into what made them laugh even if it hurts him inside.
What is your problem, man?
We celebratin’ life tonight, yo!
Where’d you go, Stevie? Beat.
The down side of coming off junk was that I knew I would need to mix with my friends again in a state of full consciousness. It was awful: they reminded me so much of myself I could hardly bear to look at them. Take Sick Boy, for instance, he came off junk at the same time as me, not because he wanted too, you understand, but just to annoy me, just to show me how easily he could do it, thereby downgrading my own struggle. Sneaky fucker, don't you think? And when all I wanted to do was lie along and feel sorry for myself, he insisted on telling me once again about his unifying theory of life.
Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated.
Yes, I can. The truth -- well, the truth is that I've had a long- standing problem with heroin addiction. I've been know to sniff it, smoke it, swallow it, stick it up my arse and inject it into my veins. I've been trying to combat this addiction, but unless you count social security scams and shoplifting, I haven't had a regular job in years. I feel it's important to mention this.
No, not homeless people. Beggars, Francis Begbie -- one of my mates. I wouldn't say my best mate, I mean, sometimes the boy goes over the score, like one time when we -- me and him -- were having a laugh and all of a sudden he's fucking gubbed me in the face, right --
But Begbie is playing absolutely fucking gash. He's got a hangover so bad he can hardly hold the fucking cue, never mind pot the ball. I'm doing my best to lose, trying to humour him, like, but it's not doing any good: every time I touch the ball I pot something, every time Begbie goes near the table he fucks it up. So he's got the hump, right, but finally I manage to set it up so all he's go to do is pot the black to win one game and salvage a little pride and maybe not kick my head in, right. So he's on the black, pressure shot, and it all goes wrong, big time. What does he do? Picks on this specky wee gadge at the bar and accuses him of putting him off by looking at him. Can you believe it?  I mean, the poor cunt hasn't even glanced in our direction. He's sitting there quiet as a mouse when Beggars gubs him with the cue. He was going to chib him, I tell you, then I thought he was going to do me. The Beggar is fucking psycho, but he's a mate, you know, so what can you do?
Yeah, the guy's a psycho, but it's true, he's a mate as well, so what can you do?  Just stand back and watch and try not to get involved. Begbie didn't do drugs either, he just did people. That what he got off on: his own sensory addiction.
But he pulled it off, clever bastard, and he got a result.
It's a mug's game, Mrs Renton. I'm not saying I was blameless myself, far from it, but there comes a time when you have to turn your back on that nonsense and just say no.
Too right it is. Now look, have you got anything to eat, 'cos I'm fucking Lee Marvin, by the way.
You see, if you ask me, we're heterosexual by default, not be decision. It's just a question of who you fancy.
But you try telling Begbie that.
Since I last saw him, Sick Boy had reinvented himself as a pimp and a pusher and was here to mix business and pleasure, setting up 'contacts', as he constantly informed me, for the great skag deal that was one day going to make him rich.
I had to get rid of them. Sick Boy didn't do his drug deal and he didn't get rich. Instead, he and Begbie just hung around my bedsit looking for things to steal. I decided to put them in the worst place in the world.
Every time I think of Tommy I think of Australian, because every time I went round he was just lying there, junked out of his mind, watching Aussie soaps. Until he sold the telly, of course, then he was just lying there. Buy every time I think of him, I still think of Australia.
I hadn't told anyone everything that was running through my mind about what might happen in London. There were a lot of possibilities I didn't want to talk to anyone about. Ideas best kept to myself. What no one told me was that when we bought the skag, some lucky punter would have to try it out. Begbie didn't trust Spud and Sick Boy was too careful these days, so I rolled up my sleeve and did what had to be done.
Yes, that hit was good. I promised myself another one before I got to London -- just for old time's sake, just to piss Begbie off.
I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still here, OK?
You've stabbed me, man.
I'm sick. I'm sick. Help me.
Hey, anybody here seen Eddy? He's got the lead truck and I can't find the son of a bitch. Hey, you seen Smooth Eddy?
--Folks, I knew Rex Racer and if he's up there somewhere watching this race, you can bet your ass, he's damn proud of his little brother.
Those choices suck too.
You don't know how many times I have seen that same cow-eyed "say it isn't so" look of disbelief. Every bumpkin who comes in from the sticks looks exactly like you do now. I won't bother proving it to you.
Like hell they are!
Hey, all I was doing was saving your ass. Katsu raises a fist, but Racer X catches it.
Okamoto played us for chumps. All he wanted was our help to drive up the stock on his family's company. Even if there was a file, he had no intention of turning it over.
He shows Speed his ass.
Because their bodies were gutted.
Because they're all the same. It's always some stupid killer stalking some big breasted girl -- who can't act -- who always runs up the stairs when she should be going out the front door. They're ridiculous.
Yes, you doofus.
Goddamnit, Dewey!
I owe you shit.
Please, it's common knowledge. Her mother was a trollop.
Siddneey...
Damn...
Created by that little tabloid twit Gale Weathers.
Thanks, butt wart. You did good.
Dewey! Where the hell you been, boy?
As long as it records I don't give a shit. We're not doing a remote.
Tits -- see.
What am I? The beer wench?
Shit, Dewey!
Hey, Shitheads!
Not until TRADING PLACES in '83. Jamie Lee was always the virgin in horror movies. She didn't show her tits until she went legit.
His movie nut mind has snapped, Sid. He's gone psycho.
This is a great chance for you. To break that cycle of shit. That school would have turned you into a doctor, or a lawyer. “Must make money, must make money”. Conor listens attentively, if a little confused.
I hear you’re a little queer?
I’m a futurist.
‘Course I do, I’ve been here half me bleedin life. What did you expect.
Yeah, it’s a shit song. We should be a metal band.
I just love them. So fluffy. Those ears. Not a dog. Yet not quite a cat. And manageable shit. Just, the perfect pet.
Where is this chick?
Who is this chick anyway? She’s here two minutes and she’s threatening to break the band up!
I’m a futurist.
That’s a bit shit. What about asking Brother Baxter? There’s loads of vacant rooms here.
Shit. I scraped a pass. Well done!
A band is like being in the army. Everyone has everyone else’s back. Fag or not. Think you’re up to it?
And you better come back to this after school. You’re a bloody genius man! Eamon laughs.
I hear this Michael fellow is schizophrenic.
You, too. Kick ass today.
I'll never Mget the hang of this.
Christ
That's fine .... You could have said 'fuck' and then we would have been in real trouble.
OLD EX-GIANTOF ROCKIS SINGING IN A LITTLE BLACKBOOTH. 3 NOISY BACKINGSINGERS ARE REALLYGOINGFOR IT IN THE STUDIO OUTSIDE.
Nah - you're just jealous, Tone. You know perfectly well that any bar anywhere in America contains ten girls more beautiful and more likely to have sex with me than the whole of the United Kingdom.
BIT OF A 'WHATCANYOUDO?' LOOKAT JOHN. "ANDACTION"THENTHEY STARTTO MIMETHE SEX AGAIN. THECAMERAMAN
And, Judy, if you could just cheat the nipples a little left and down, please.
Right - now who do you have to screw around here to get a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit?
The chubby girl.
Pedro! Hey! Good to see you. are you, you ugly bastard?
Well, I think we all know why we're here. The record is great - the video is a Santastic sensation - but we just need to work out how to make damn-arse sure that "Christmas is All Around'' reaches Number 1.
sir. Prontissimo.
NOWBACKFROMFRANCE,OF COURSE.HE IS LOOKING UP FOR AN ADDRESS,OR SIGN - ANDFINDS IT - WE SEE HIM ENTERA DOOR LEADINGOP TO A RATHERTACKY OUTFIT - "BEDFORDSCHOOLOF LANGUAGES'.HE PUSHESPAST A FATHERCHRISTMASAS HE HEADSIN. 110
Course I mean it, Michael. you old flirt?
Well, as you know - I'm an enormous fan of Westlife and the thought-of those young chaps not getting to number 1, well, it's a real heartbreaker.
Yes, 'fraid so. Sorry about all the cock ups - the health service is ·an absolute bugger - but hope to do better next year.
I'm a daft, blind
that - as dire chance and fateful cock-up would have it - here I am, mid-fifties and without knowing it, I've gone and spent most of my adult life with a chubby employee. And as much as it grieves me to say it, it might be that the people I love is, in fact, you.
How have you been, you old loser? TONY
There’s a bulk buyer here out of New York, Vesic Investment Group. But they’re shopping with a pissant broker out of Kissimmee named Ortiz who just sold them 15 homes last month.
You got me mixed up with somebody.
HEY! That’s not your dick in your hand. That’s the Santa Fe deal, 100 homes, 1000 more with Freeman, our money, Miami, your home, everything. You awake or what?
Hello? Dumb ass. You there? INT. RICK'S BMW SUV [MOVING] - MORNING Rick drives. Dennis sits.
Hey! !I see you, asshole!
I’m gonna get my shit together. Stop skipping. !Nose to the grindstone and all that. !A second chance, you know. These words are a such a relief to Laine. !
You’re being a spaz.
You’re being a spaz.
Goddammit. Focus.
Dammit, Mika --                                    *
Wait here.   Gotta piss.
Mika? Mika? Dammit.
Because I’m going to save your ass, and put you up for a few weeks...obviously. Davis grabs Ben, hugs him, kisses him on the cheek. Then kisses him again.
-- Becky! Don’t screw around. Put Jules on, it’s an emergency. Interrupt her!
Open the fucking doors!!!!!! Jason LEAPS, flips the unlock door switch. The Guys jump in. Davis has to slide off the hood and run to catch up. CLOSE - 5 TEQUILA SHOTS Five hands ENTER FRAME and lift them up. INT. BAR - BROOKLYN - NIGHT Jules and the Four Guys take the Tequila shots. It’s not easy for any of them.
Tough? Jules? She’s a total bad ass. Guess that’s how she became an internet sensation.
Jesus. She’s Albert White’s girlfriend.
Get your hands off me.
What the fuck is a scenarist?
Albert White killed her.
I have Lou Ormino’s cops and judges-- most of whom won’t talk to you because you’re Cuban. What you receive is access to them.
They’re everywhere. Waiting for some fucking dumb Yankee to take a dip. There is a beat. Joe senses Dion STARING at him. He looks back. Neither of them says a word but Joe feels an entire conversation pass between them.
Shit, that’s got what, four hundred workers?
Don’t shake hands with Papists. No offense.
Shit, RD. That would spoil the fun.
Your Spanish is abominable.
Where you living now? Naponset.
You did more than that. You ran the whole coast. You boxed out Albert, put him in a little piss corner of Miami. I been through the books. You made us a force down here.
In the fucking picture, Albert. ALBERT SLAMS HIS FIST INTO JOE’S HEAD. He topples. Gino Valocco points to something off the starboard bow and calls out. A second BOAT appears, emerging from a spoil bank four hundred yards away. Where is she?
You look like hell, man.
even know who this
lor was a son of a bit
No motive. No evidence. Not a spot of blood on him. Flagg's a punk, but he's no murderer.
Hey hot-shot, we're closed.
One deputy and six volunteers. I feel like that one-legged man in the ass-kicking contest.
Hey, you wanna fill us in, pal? Who the hell are you people?
He probably snuck off to that damn movie. He told us he was staying over at Eddie's.
All I’m sayin is, they recruit us, train us for five years, tell us we’re their goddamned best and brightest, and then a war breaks out and they send us everywhere but there. Now what sense does that make?
They eye each other.
You damn near killed us back there, boy.
The guy was an asshole.
The redneck at the gas station! He lifted it right under my nose! My brand new Nikon.
Looks like she got away from ya, cowboy.
I don't know, officer. I'm driving along, suddenly this fella runs me off the road and starts hollering about his wife. I swear, I never seen the guy before.
There's exactly two cops in this town. One of them's inside pulling ass duty; the other's on patrol in the foothills. Now a minute ago one of my men called in a non-injury accident on the I-40 connector.
Dammit, Al, what the hell you doing?
Goddamn.   Scared me half to death.
They were going to kill me.
Like I said, Lady. Wrong fella.
You scare the shit out of me, Walter. This seems to please Walter. He takes a step closer to Pimli.
Your shuger. Mine is empty. Jake hands over his Big Gulp.
Gotta hand it to the kid, tough little shit.
Any time, buddy. I'm your man. Nothing I like better than chewing the rug with a pal. You talk, I'll listen. I'm all ears. Shoot.
Oh, come on, man. That place is for kids. You two just got your ass out of there. Don't go back now.
Yeah, yeah... Well, listen. You go. Go ahead, Curtsy, baby. You go on over there and you remember all the good times you won't be having. I ain't goin' off to some goddamned fancy college. I'm stayin' right here. Havin' fun, as usual.
Hey, man, what happened to your flathead?
What happened to your flathead?
You ever get tired of going steady with somebody that ain't around--I'm up for grabs.
Ah, shit,--how old are you?
Well, goddamnit, I won't report you this time, but next time just watch it, will ya?
Get your cooties off me--
If you say "I was a dirty bird. Carol's not grungy, she's bitchin'."
I was a dirty bird, Carol's not grungy, she's bitchin.'
Hey, you know a guy around here with a piss yellow deuce coupe--supposed to be hot stuff?
I ain't nobody, dork. Right?
What a babe... what a bitchin' babe... And Wolfman Baby, she's all mine.
Wow--bitchin' tuck and roll. I just love the feel of tuck and roll upholstery.
Ah hell--I like most of the people you like.
That sex fiend is not a friend of mine; he's just horny. That's why I like you, you're different.
Oh shit--there!! Wait!
That's Freddy Benson's Vette... he got his head on with some drunk. Never had a chance. Damn good driver, too. What a waste when somebody gets it and it ain't even their fault.
I've never been beaten--lot of punks have tried. See that '41 Ford there? Used to be the fastest wheels in the valley. I never got a chance to race old Earl. He got his in '55 in the hairiest crash ever happened around here. He was racing a '54 Chevy, bored and loaded, out on the old Oakdale Highway and every damn kid in town was out there. The Chevy lost its front wheel doing about 85. The idiot had torched the spindles to lower the front end and it snapped right off. He slammed bam into the Ford and then they both of them crashed into a row of cars and all those kids watchin! Jesus, eight kids killed including both drivers, looked like a battlefield. Board of Education was so impressed they filmed it. Show it now in Drivers Education, maybe you'll see it. Anyway, since then street racing's gone underground. No spectators, I mean. Too bad.
There's that badass Chevy again. Look at he snatch he's got with him.
You got a bitchin' car.
What're you punks doing?
Henderson--Curt Henderson? You with these punks?
Hey, I can't keep tracka all the punks lookin' for me.
Ya should, man--you're driving a field car.
Field Cars drive through the fields, dropping cow shit all over the place to make the lettuce grow.
That's pretty good. Hey, I like that paint job you got. What they call that--sorta a cross between Piss Yellow and Puke Green, ain't it?
That was the bitchinest thing I ever seen in my whole life.
Naw, man. I can't take you when I'm racin' somebody.
Hey--Laurie, what in the hell are you doing in there? Is she gonna ride with you?
No, you creamed him, from right off the line. The guy never had a chance.
John, I don't know what you're talking about. It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. That guy, he might as well get a wheelchair and roll himself home. Man, you got... you got the bitchinist car in the Valley. You'll always be number one, John. You're the greatest.
Yeah, don’t let the assholes win.
Ricky, siddown.
There’s no way they flipped Danilo. Man, that’s one tough motherfucker.
I was the best mailman there was. But I was still just a mailman-Jesus.
And you’re telling me Blandon’s working for the government the whole time, working me from some beach on San Trope, and they put my ass in jail?? Man, I was the elf.
We’re not the bad guys. Meneses is a bad guy. Ricky Ross is a bad guy-JONES What do you think, we work shitty hours and miss our kids’ soccer games and birthdays for crappy government pay to sit in a bunker somewhere where we figure out all the ways we can fuck with the American people?
Who the hell’s Gary Webb?
And what about those families? The ones who are drowning because of what those assholes did?
Only sinners. KINDERMAN
Damn right.
--- so we’re gonna get a lot of phone calls from a lot of nuts.
The guy was yelling that he was chasing “Tinkerbell”! So what if he's a teacher? He's a nut!
I want to see him. Get him here. Soljak turns to find Terrell. Soljak gives him the number.
The mayor called from his plane looking down at America he calls me, and insists on this party --to show strength and confidence, ‘cause he’s heard your entire goddamn subway’s falling apart!
Where the hell you been!?
Kid knows more about the subway than I do. Where’d you find her? And this other one - asks me to name a vegetable. I say “cabbage” and he says “fuck you.” What’s that about? Tupelo shrugs, innocent - goes to Renee and Tinkerbell who are looking down into the flooding subway.But Pa, Celie smart too. Beasly say so.
But! can let you have Celie.
Now Celie is ugly.
You want something gal.
New where are my cufflir..ks?
I don't want to smell no goddamn s~inking pipe Alber~. ANGLE ON A LITTLE TABLE The moonlight hits the little table as Mr. places his pipe on top of it. 67
Celie, you have my sympat.~y. Not too many women let they husband whore lay up in they house. Old Mr. and Young Mr. have gotten to that point in the conversation where there is nothing left to sav. Mr. looks at Celie, there is a certain warmth between them.
k.~ocking down and nailing up. Sometime his friend Swain come by to help. The two of 'em work way into the night. Mr. have to call down to tell them to shut up the racket.
Fell through the roof three times, almost broke my back once and then I almost sawed my damn hand off. Me and Swain we work way into the night, didn't we swain?
Shug gain' back to Memphis. I'm gon go with her. This my only chance co break from Mr.'s jail.·
ae is jealous.
What's the matter, cat get your tongue? Say it girl, don't be scared.
That lady such a fool with that car.
She cain't git it in reverse.
Who are you!? What do you want!?
Well, this explains the two fingers they found in Liberace's asshole.
Right. Little twerp thinks he's Colombo.
Andy! Holy shit!
No, your uncle really helped me. I was sort of messed up for a while. Wasting my time just partying and... just stupid shit. He kind of woke me up, gave me a job, got me taking classes.
Ha ha! Yeah right, white boy! Ha Ha ha.
Just like sex with my wife.
Also like sex with my wife.
Damn...
I had to be a damn Hemingway hero. Well I'll tell ya, the old man and the sea didn't go through half this shit.
Undead. Right. Sort of an ectocosmic manifestation. What a pisser. Tell you one thing though, Timothy Leary will be jealous as hell.
Thank God! These hoodlums tried to rob me!
You sure it's not just 'coz you jerk off too much?
Know what I hate about houseguests? This! Dinner table chit-chat! Acting so damn nice and polite! Hell Hub!
Mister, you load up that contraption and get the hell out....
Oh no you don't! I won't have my children around all this gunfoolishness!
We need this much damn garden?
Now wait one damn minute! this row? Garth looks.
Quit yakking and help me unload.
Hey you! In the crate! lion butt outta there!
Dammit! Have you two been talking about...?
"No one, slavetrader or Beduoin alike, had ever seen anything like him, this mad American who fought like twenty men..."
I wadda doe hobe now!
What do the hell you expect us to die of? Old age...?Where all those streets come together right ahead is the true Five Points. But most speak of the Five Points and mean anywhere between the Battery and the Bowery. Although the night's cold, the streets are jammed. WHORES painted like carnival Gypsies sell themselves to any man sober enough to stand up. SOUNDS of laughter and combat filter out from garish SALOONS like the Little Naples, the Hell Hole, the Egyptian Hall. In the midst of all this highlife are BEGGARS and the SICKLY, looking for charity, scrounging garbage in the street. An INDIGENT battles a CRIPPLE for a meager scrap of faod. A richly dressed WOMAN, riding by in a carriage, hides her eyes by raising a HUGE BOUQUET OF FLOWERS in front of her face.
Disrobe.
Because morts have more resources. Men can work only on their feet, but a mort can turn out on her back.
You!
The Irish is too busy building up Tammany. That's where their brains and muscle goes. Once they're inside with their cronies, they turn on their own outside. Tammany'd steal the air and rent the daylight if they could.
There'll be no damned repeaters here!
You got nothing to do with this, Monk.
He looks pretty damned sorry.
Just a damn minute.
Well, the Rough and Tumble Boys over to Slaughterhouse Point. There's Country McCleesterls bunch, too, and the Plug Uglies, but there's none that have the promise of the Dead Rabbits, or the stake, neither.
I'll have him stretched on a spit!
You got no more to say about this now.
You see how much they like this damned law? Enforcing it's going to hurt us in elections.
I want to know who hung them bodies in the Bloody Angle. I want to address who done it.
Each candle is against you, gents.
One reason. You're my kill, Butcher. No one else is going to have you, not Tweed, not Tammany, not those pigs in the street. No one--not even you, Bill--will ever take the pleasure of your death away from me. I'd do anything to keep you for my own, even if I have to protect you.
Open the damn doors then! We're bad hurt!
gonna be a hardoase. NEW ANGLE
pigs iB rollin I in thar now, Boss!
You got your buligang name,
. Fas·ten your flap! All you Newmeats gonna -have. to shape up fast and hard on this gang, We got rules here an 1 in order to learn the,~, you gotta keep your ears open and.· your· mouths· shut, Luke- snorts,
Wouldn't r.urprise me none.
You'll have to do better than that if you want.- to impress· thes·e men .. . . Some- pretty hard numbers here • .:··.Dragline • s an ex-safe cracker·, 1 Blind Dick Koko s a Jewel thief. is· a, rapis.t·,
your shove-1 and git to work.
He is, whipping,
Hot damn, Drag.· Tomorrow, 1.s Saturday, Another:. week. almost m11.de.,.:;,.;·.
Course not. He ain't in the box •cause a the- joke played, on him, He's there- •cause, he back :,assed a Free Man. They got their rules and we ain't got nothing to do with that. Woulda probably happened to him sooner- or later~ to a complainer like him. He's gotta learn the rules same as anybody else.
Lookit· that. Some Hollywood jus•• joined up wfth us.
Man, this here· Newmeat parking meter bandit thing· what' call.s itself Luke don't know 1 nuthin 'bout nuthin'. LUKE:
you mullet s·o. innocent and built like nSlllEld L11cille.
She knows exactly.what she's doin, She's drivin' you crazy- !llld lovin' it. don I t
to be handled! You jus r asking
I kin
Now they're rollin 1 ,
of nuthin•
He I s. the. champe en hog--gu t ot: · this . camp•· Hell,,,. r s.een him eat ten chOc I lat .ba.rs· . and seven.scold drinks. :en i'ii'teen minutes, He kin eat busted bottles and rusty nails, any- damn· thing-, rr· you'd so kindly oblige as to let me cut of'f your yankee head, he 1 d _even'eat,.that..
Luke, why yo.u actin 1 so strange? Wha·t you. wanna. do s omethin I like that ·for? You gone too far when you mess 1 with the, Man With .No Eyes.. You gonna be outa here in a little b.it --· whyn 1.t you. ,Jus •· take· it a little easy?· Luke, has· been a.taring ing more ominous with
The ratn-
in his' hunk. now,
ain 1 t mah .,Job, ·nohow.
Come on, Rudolpn, Aus tin, you no we •re good bunch-a cnicken-eaters, · lookin' for a man. We got tis .a job to do.
Ah hears .tell you don't believe in no God, Luke. Ah.. was wonderin' how come a nice lookin' feller like you come to ge.t put on the Har.d Road, ah knows. Ah been But now ah reckons on the Road Gang for twenny-two year, Luke, and in all that time I. ain't never killed no white man but I ain I t afeerd to cause a body has to do his never seen no man work.
your pants
I 1 m dyin 1 ,
He I s pr.obs bly. a· gigolo,
Draglin~
1, You was eyeballih Luke, .You ·can't gitcha,mirid on them weeds it. yer eyeballin'
yore dirt outa his ditch,
Luke, what you think you doin 1 ?
on ac.ross his buttocks
Git
my mind r.iglit.
the same, you're a good old Luke. You take·. eare, hear?
Get away from me.
Peabody you old reprobate! How are you?
Don't mind him, Tom. He's a cheap bastard.
Sevens are wild and you can all go to Hell!
Hot damn! You got hand controls.
Now you got to push it real smooth or it goes all herky-jerky.
Where are you going? Eleanor! Get back here.
Well, I never heard of him either. But this was one brave son-of-a-bitch. Fought for the Confederacy and lost his left arm in one battle and his left foot in another. Then after the war he ran and won the Governorship of Louisiana -- twice!Not really. She was just one of those names you hear growing up. You know, so-and-so who lives in Ireland.
FANGS
then levels a furious, stare at him, unnerving the pickpocket.
you lummox! down.
up from the door, a biazing torch in his hand. dead log.
to a stop! She looks up at him, eyes pleading, little pickpocket strains to lift her back up,
You did the honorable thing, little thief. You spoke the truth.
Ow! Watch whe~e you're digging, you impossible dunderhead!
down the narrow streets of Aquila.
You ever seen a hamster do that before?
You working for Hooper?
Little prick...what'd he tell you?
Quit jawing, Bob, and choke me.
Okay. Larry? Larry rolls his eyes up in his head, speaks in a high wavering voice with a bad cockney accent.
Ask me what business I'm in, Muhammad.
that shit? Chirac wants to bring French contractors in? Can you believe that? Hey, Phil? Raise one hand if you like the French.
Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.  I've been here three days and we haven't done shit.  We haven't been to a club, haven't even talked to a girl.  I'm on vacation, and I want some mu-shu.
Carter, you don't understand.  These men are Fu-Cang-Long Triads.  Part of the most deadly gang in China.
Don't look at my ass!
Did I say dinner?  I meant diner. Biscuits and gravy, you love that shit.
Not Yu.  You!
Come on, Shaq, hit a damn free-throw! You can do it, big guy.
Nobody can protect me.  I'll make a deal with you, Lee.  But only iff you'll get me out of Hong Kong.
All right, get your hands up.
Almost, but you've got to say "Rich White Man" all run together like it's one word.
Not bad.  Now every crime, somewhere, has a rich white man taking his cut. Every single one.  Now in our case, we know the rich white man is Steven Reign.
Black people keep their cool when the shit goes down.
Yeah, what about when Godzilla was coming?  You people were screaming your asses off.
Hot?  I'm freezing my ass off.
Damn girl, you fine.
This is where I say I'm LAPD in a loud voice, they all scream and run and shit. Watch.  It's real funny.
Hear you got your ass kicked in Hong Kong, James.
One of my regulars lost fifty thousand dollars at the table here last week.  I was about to send my boys down to tune his ass up, when the guy comes in and pays off the whole thing.  Including the vig -- brand new sequential hundred dollar bills.  I knew something was wrong.  Cause this guy's got a regular job, no way he comes up with fifty grand in cash. But I tested the bills, infrared.  The whole thing.  And they checked out. 100%.
Look, man I'm sorry.  I know you got a thing for her.
Mind your own business.
Go ahead.  Sing your ass off.
Oh no you don't.  Don't you be getting corny on me, Lee.  I'll kick your ass from here to Compton.
Buddha is the symbol for fat and lazy. The man has the biggest tits in Asia.
Stevie, how's it going my man?  Somebody get a picture, we can use it for a mug shot.
Lee, what the hell are you doing?
Lee, wait a second.  It's not worth it, man.  He's making you do this.
Quit yakking, Teemo.  We gotta get outa here!
You!!
Where the hell did you come from?
Ocht veth nockkthirth bordak!Yeah, cut it out. You're puttin' a dent in my beauty sleep. They both glare at Kristen.
That don't mean dick. My dog's like me. Drag him into a crazy dream and he gets wild. The guys see Rick approaching.
I'm late, I know, damn contracts...Let's eat.
How could I let him get them? Kincaid, the badass motherfucker with the heart of gold. And Joey, shy, sweet Joey. So shy and so oversexed. Kristen smiles through her tears.
Enough of that crap.
I don't spend hours working out to let some damn nightstalker beat me.
Cut that shit out. Maybe before, but not now. I want to help you. I'm on your side. EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT The truck barrels down the street, shaking with the speed. INT. DAN'S TRUCK - NIGHT
Twenty bucks says he fucks it up.
want you to know, you fucking nailed it. You're the man. Your
Look, you get the sofa and you get your ass off it-
Morning, asshole.
Oh, wow, look at that ass. I could follow that forever.
Sissy.
Get off me.
Sissy, get out of my room?
Sissy, get out of my room.
He's not gonna screw you again.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I fucked up. I'm not perfect. But I'm...trying.
Whatever.
Brandon, it's Sissy.. I really need to talk to you. Please.
Sissy-
Did you see that Mac surprise attack? Damn sharks were scared shit. He came down on that thing like a Goddamn dive bomber.
Saved your skinny ass. We see this means a great deal to Mac, though he hides it from the other men. Louie takes over the pumping. 125
There was this guy. Big guy. Irish- Italian. Red-faced, black-haired, jolly son-of-a-bitch.
Nobody could make me laugh like him. We closed more bars together than I can count. He was my pal. I loved that crazy mick, I'm not ashamed to say it. But he was fuck-up. He had this image of himself. Thought he was con man. Always trying to shave the edge. Nickel and dime. I'll always miss him. Tell me why.
Please...please...you have to believe me... They have my daughter.  They want me to kill Eleanor Grant — or they'll kill my daughter.
It's about time I did. I was one of those guys, workaholics. I worked my ass off for them - my wife, my daughter.  That's just what I thought I was supposed to do.
I'd be better if they'd put sleeves on these damn vests.
Just watch your back, Serpico. You never know who your friends are.
What's going on man? How long you gonna make us wait out here, for Christ's sake?
You know what movie I just saw again the other day which is fucking, like, mind-blowing, and I haven't seen it since it came out? "Munich."
Dude, "Munich" fuckin' rules.
That movie was Eric Bana kicking fuckin' ass! They all agree.
With the man boobs.
Shit! Someone wants seconds, mama!
She like-a the way your dick tastes.
They go ape-shit over bubbles.
They're really going ape-shit.
Slow down, man. You're making me look like a jackass.
Don't look at me. We can talk about our fears here. If Doc Brown screeched up to you in the DeLorean and said, "Alison, I got the car here. What do you want to do?" No part of you would think, "Maybe I'll go back to that night and put a condom on Ben's dick?" You never got that flash?
You know it's times like this I'm glad I don't own nice things. It's a big mess, but there's only like fifty bucks worth of shit here. That's kind of the good thing. You know, my dad told me, "Don't move to Northridge." But you figure, what are the chances of that happening twice, you know? Alison picks up a huge sword.
You!
Because Debbie's a pain in the ass and Pete's awesome?
Well, maybe it's because Steely Dan gargles my balls.
I totally know what you're talking about, man. If I wrote out the list of shit Alison doesn't let me do it would be endless. Don't smoke pot. Don't have samurai swords in your room. Don't have illegal grow operations in the house. I could go on all fucking day. Have I told her to stop doing anything ever? No.
I swear to God, man.
You look like Babe Ruth's gay brother, Gabe Ruth.
Yeah. Alison interviews ANDY DICK.
No, Steve, don't be an asshole! Come on.
I'm not being an asshole.
Wow. You managed to turn Steve Carell into an asshole. No easy feat.
I was just in such a panic from all of this. And watching Debbie and Pete together, and my ass got so fat.
You ever get so bored you just stare at your balls?
What do you mean, Manwaring?
Manwaring’s in town. Manwaring! man?
Lady Manwaring!
Lucy Manwaring is here to see you.
Yes. "Manwaring comes this very hour!"
Unluckily Lady Manwaring also wormed out of her husband's servant that Manwaring visited you in private.
Whatever.
Home sweet hell on the water.
Let me tell you girls something.  I do what I wanna do.  When I wanna do it.  And I don't give a shit what old Ahab up there thinks either. Any questions?
Shut up donut.
Well Gieg, I'm glad to see I'm not the only guy on this boat that can take a little rock'n roll.  Bunch of wusses, I swear...!
Damn, Porkchop, you sound just like a guy who ain't never seen a pair.
I'm sorry, Skip.  It's this damned book.  Lawford gave it to me.
She said "None the better, you all go to hell..."
Holy shit!  Where'd she go?
Shut up, Phil.
To take a piss.
Takin' a piss?
Cut it out man!!  Stop it!!!  What's the matter with you?  If Phil had caught you he'd have ratted you out in a second.  You get caught cheating, you'll get kicked off the boat.
You're not a moron.
WHHOOOOAAAAA!!!!!!  WOMEN!!!
You're the one who doesn't care, Phil.
Oh hell...
His ol' man's gonna eat him for lunch.
I'm pissin' fire man.
Jesus, we're Americans!!!  We're Americans!!!
And Dick, please make a note of our final position.
You do what you've gotta do Phil.
Yo Liv - Martin got it. Shut UP.
I actually think you're prettty cool
They talk shit and laugh. Kayla approaches. Nervous and smiling. Kayla! Hey.
My sister just sucks.
Aw you’re no fun.
You see Colonel Getty? Always following the General? He's the only man who ever challenged. Fight lasted six seconds, but the General didn't kill him. He cut off his tongue and he cut off his balls and old Getty's been following him like a dog ever since.
I'm Sheriff Briscoe. Who the hell are you?
Now open that damn gate!
You got three seconds to get your ass outta here.
Lady Di's in charge. Sixty years old and she still kicks ass.
Holnists, Johnny. You gotta stay out of sight.
Good Lord. That, gentlemen, is a first-rate piece of ass.
Government's restored! We don't have to take their crap anymore!
Get out of my way, Ford. All of you.
I've heard of you, man. You're famous.
Don't tell anybody, but I like to ride the damn thing just for the hell of it. Being a city official has its perks.
Hey, yer not urinating in here man!
Buttface!
Well...it wouldn't have anything to do with you activities people being assholes...now would it?
S'cuse me a sec...
Look, you guys keep up your talking and Vernon's gonna come right in here...I got a meet this Saturday and I'm not gonna miss it on account of you boneheads...
Excuse me, sir, why would anybody want to steal a screw?
Show Dick some respect!
You stay out of it!
You're mine Bender...for two months I gotcha!  I gotcha!
Hey fellas, I mean...
Nooo...It's a fat girl's name!
...a white weddin?
Oh, really?  You guys think I'm just some untouchable peasant?  Peon? Huh?  Maybe so, but following a broom around after shitheads like you for the past eight years I've learned a couple of things...I look through your letters, I look through your lockers...I listen to your conversations, you don't know that but I do...I am the eyes and ears of this institution my friends.  By the way, that clock's twenty minutes fast!
Shit! CUT TO:
Uh, Dick?  Excuse me, Rich...will milk be made available to us?
You!
When have you ever gotten laid?
I've laid, lotsa times!
Little pig!
Oh, shit! CUT TO:
Oh shit!!!! CUT TO:
Watch your tongue young man, watch it!
Yo waistoid...you're not gonna blaze up in here!
How come you got so much shit in your purse?
Do you always carry this much shit in your bag?
Wait a minute, now you're carrying all that crap around in your purse. Either you really wanna run away or you want people to think you wanna run away.
Aw bull shit, man.  Come on Vern, the kids haven't changed, you have! You took a teaching position, 'cause you thought it'd be fun, right? Thought you could have summer vacations off...and then you found out it was actually work...and that really bummed you out.
You're a tease and you know it, all girls are teases!
Okay, what about you, you hypocrite! Why don't you take Allison to one of your heavy metal vomit parties?  Or take Brian out to the parking lot at lunch to get high?  What about Andy for that matter, what about me? What would your friends say if we were walking down the hall together. They'd laugh their asses off and you'd probably tell them you were doing it with me so they'd forgive you for being seen with me.
Hey...I like that black shit...Ah, kids are kids. You're worried about their majors and all they care about is getting laid. Lewis can't believe what his father has sald. into one of his huge honking laughs.
Did you know Booger got SOO's on his S.A.T.'s?
Does she have a penis?
Hey, Lewis, if you're getting a house, I'm in! Lewis is thrilled. Everyone is thrilled. CUT TO: EXT. VICTORIAN MANSION - NEXT MORNING. The entire pack of nerds stands looking at the dilapidated ex-whorehouse. It's a disaster. CUT TO: EXT. VICTORIAN MANSION - AN HOUR LATER. The MUSIC is triumphant as the n~rds begin to clean the place up.
Pinsky is stunned.
Gable, with glasses on you look like a nerd. Gable grabs Burke by the collar and throws him up against the wall.
Tits! Tits!
Bobby, what the hell is going on here'.?
Say it loud. I'm a nerd and proud. The crowd is on its feet. NERD IFingers on the tits!
Have you got three nipples?
You can get a shag whenever you want.
You’re a naughty girl!
Are you taking the piss?
Are you taking the piss?
For black boys on bicycles.
Wheelin’ and a-dealin’.
Toin’ and a-froin’. Seriously.
And next to it is a bloke. A bloke?
They haven't got the balls.
I don’t think so, gigolo!
And so is Mick. He's a total psycho.
I came through, big fella. Just like I said. No dry throats tonight.
I'm not a fag. I'm a werewolf.
Here, Boof, on the house.
You've seen me. I suck.Look, you've had a nutcase making harassing phone calls. I know how scary that feels.
Listen, dammit.
And you try to cancel an appearance on AM/LA at the last damn minute. What the hell's with you? Heather sags in dismay.
Hell, if having a screwy family made you crazy, the world'd be one colossal nuthouse. She looks at him, well?
Well, damn, they're fantastic. My God. You, my friend, have a gift. God graced you with a Goddamn eggcooking gift. Jacques looks at his watch. Holy shit. Got to go.
Jock is like one of these Vegas hypnotists? Frank looks at the floor.
Now, come on, Frank. Go home. Dmitri comes in and sees you like this he'll fire your guinea ass. Hamilton pushes Frank toward the diner door, then changes his mind and guides him toward the back.
Ain't listen to no motherfucker named after no Jetson no how. The Crimson Bolt, peeking around a fender, hides as two TEENAGERS drive up beside Nathaniel. Nathaniel struts up to their car, leans on the open window, flashing his gold smile.
I think it's cool. I hate when people butt.
Brother's moving in on your poon, bro.
Who are you going to get to be Boltie?
Ha! I bet you could! You're fucking awesome, Frank.
If you're gonna be my sidekick, you can't cuss.
Here, man. Here you go. her? Here. You win.
You’re from Poland.
Okay, first, if we’re gonna talk about this, this, in the last remaining minutes before the launch which by itself is blowing my fuckin’ mind--if we’re gonna talk about this could you not frame yourself as a friend of the working man, most of whom I made into millionaires? ‘
Shit, man, how many fourth-graders have heard of you?
Liberating the skinheads.
But before that you sold carbonated sugar water, right? I sat in a fuckin’ garage with Wozniak and invented the future because artists lead and hacks ask for a show of hands. The board is tense...even a little bit scared...except SCULLEY, who just takes a breath, takes a beat and says-SCULLEY
When people used to ask me what the difference was between me and Steve Jobs I’d say Steve was the big picture guy and I liked a solid workbench. When people ask me what the difference is now I just say Steve’s an asshole. The things you make are better than you are, brother.
Mr. Dolarhyde, Sir, you gotta believe me -- I went to take a piss and and -- saw a light in the sky -- blue -- and when I ran back the cows and fellas were gone!
You sure he's a bad guy, Pa? He did give Percy a lickin'.
Dangerous to drive a damn coach? Why can't Charlie just take him?
Just cut, Lardass.
The rest of 'em.
Since when're Qy the one asking the goddamned questions!?! Ella and our people REACT as Jake plays it up, beat defense a good OFFENSE. The outlaws are SCARED: this is the Lonergan they know. Hunt holds his BLOODY MOUTH:
Hey --- ï¿½s 4 Lay off that whiskey and saddle up. Flyer's on its way and we best damn be sober for it.
Well, I-- changed my mind. So saddle the hell up.
Well damn, lady, thanks a 1.
Holy Jesus. Like a damn fort. Grey Wolf looks to his men, GRAVE, CRESTFALLEN as he realizes:
Been Woodrow Dolarhyde's son my whole life... first time he ever copped to it was to save his own ass.
I sure as hell hope not.
Goddamnit. -- he gets INTO THE ELEVATOR with her. She SLAMS the control pad, doors CLOSE -- they start rocketing upward. She halfgrins as her eyes hold on him. And within them... trust. AND
Kid's got a mouth on him.
Second damn time that dog ran off on me.
Why? You worried about me? You bet your ass he is. But, he shakes his head-JAKE No, ma'am. You can take care of yourself just fine.
He's got an ugly girlfriend.
I agree with Art. I like the way he walks into a room. Kid's so confident his dick gets there two minutes before he does.
You can call it Billy Beane bullshit for all I care.
Billy, we've all been busting our asses the last six and a half weeks to make this a better ball--
When I first started these things? It was like a half hour process. Now I can knock these suckers out in 30 seconds, no problem.
Is a dollar, mang.
Hatte, not Pena.
I'm screwin' with you, Haddie.
Don't do it, Migs.
Don't bring Magnante out if we've gotta hold a late lead with runners on. He's 37, he's scared shitless of being the guy who blows this winning streak.
I appreciate that, but I know you're just pulling those numbers out of your ass.
Hey, listen up fellas... bring it up real quick.
Hold it. Just hold it. Where the hell do you think you are? This is Bellevue, for God's sake. People running around here get shot.
Bust your balls!
Paul Gruneger! Well I'll be goddamned!
Shit, Paul. I'd love to see you. But I'm kind of laid up here. I've been sick.
It's got something to do with some- thing. I think we've got to confront the army. If they're hiding shit from us, we better find out what it is.
The army. The army. What is it with you guys? We're not talking about a trip to the library here. This is the United States Government for God's sake. This is red tape coming out of your ass. You know what I mean?
Shit! You know it's not half the case if I go it alone. We're all suffering the same symptoms, Frank. The army is to blame. They've done something to us. How can you not want to know?
Take your hands off me!
It means that you and your buddies are whacko, that you were discharged on psychological grounds after some war games in Thailand.
You don't forget a battle where 500 men were killed. They did something to us. I want to know the truth, the goddamn truth. We have a right to know.
You tell 'em!
Goddamn it! Who's there?
Suddenly they take me from my cell to the visitors room with those bank teller windows, you know. Four army colonels, medals up their asses, are standing on the other side. They tell me if I'll come to Vietnam for two years, no action, mind you, just work in a lab, they'll drop all the charges and wipe the record clean. Well, I'd only been in jail for thirteen hours and I already knew that Nam couldn't be any worse.
No shit. They had me by the balls. Next thing I know I'm in Saigon ... in a secret lab synthesizing mind- altering drugs. Not the street stuff mind you. They had us isolating special properties. The dark side, you know? They wanted a drug that increased aggressive tendencies.
A couple days later they decided to use the Ladder, on one test battalion. Yours. Just in an infintessimal dose in the food supply, to prove its effectiveness in the field. They were sure your unit would have the highest kill ratio in the whole goddamn offensive. And you did, too. But not the way they tnought.
You're hurting me!
I knew you were kinky.
That crazy old coot. I can't believe there isn't a public phone in an entire town, I don't care how small it is.
Malachai.
Do not blaspheme, MalachaiI You know not the laws. He speaks them only to me.
Malachai.whatever , now goodb.Ye. Scadoodle ... Yes~
You fol lowing me?
Two Mexicans walk into a cantina. What?
--I m an insensitive prick. 1
Think what you I ike.
l have to hand i t to you, Julian. You are one of the best bul 1 shit
Fat man and J ittle girl?
I 1 m dead scriou.s.
1 want to hear ' In The \vee Smal 1 Hou:rs''.
Damnit, Danny!
Oh my god. It’s laughable. It’s actually fucking laughably good. Margot cautiously tries it and nods her head.
Slowik has always had trouble staying put. Cut his teeth with Bocuse, a spell in Kyoto, stages with Ferran in Spain just for the fuck of it. Then he opens his own place in New York, Tantalus. I discover him. Then boom, two Michelin stars. Tyler softly to Margot.
Pretty inspiring shit, yeah?
We have reached the base camp of Mount Bullshit.
Yeah, those people are idiots. What they do doesn’t matter. They play with inflatable balls and ukuleles and shit. Chefs play with the raw materials of life itself. And death itself. Like, I’ve watched every fucking episode of Chef’s Table two or three times. I’ve watched Slowik’s probably twenty times. I’ve watched him explain the exact moment at which a green strawberry is perfectly unripe. I’ve watched him plate a raw scallop during its last dying contraction of muscle. It’s art on the edge of the abyss. Which is where God works too. Margot nods. Does she buy it?
There’s a neediness to the plating. Tweezered to fuck. But the flavors are there. Very clean, very... thalassic. Thalassic?
--and the cloud space is only getting crazier. Everyone scales up, and their OPEX budgets are-BRYCE Dude enough. You sound so douche-y.
This is your whole thing: You hate these fancy places because you’re working-class and real and just a true-blue down-home girl, all spiky and snarky. That’s so who you are.
I have to say, the shit around the table absence of bread is tasty.
No, trust me. He’s telling a story. That’s what makes his food so exciting. He’s not just a chef. He’s a storyteller. And he doesn’t give a fuck about the rules.
Yeah, well, call me the girl next door but maybe some rules you should give a fuck about. Tyler takes her hand, kisses it, and smiles mischievously.
Dude, chill. It’s a fucking taco.
Motherfucker. In the middle of the dining room sits a COT. Next to the cot is a small table with lamp and a Bible. This is apparently where Chef sleeps. It’s so quiet here, so clean. Pristine. For reasons she doesn’t know, she takes her same seat from the restaurant, closes her eyes, and breathes in the tranquility. It is quiet and still. 54
Niels!
But what transforms this fucking monstrosity is fire. The purifying flame. It nourishes us, warms us, re-invents us, forges and destroys us. Tears in the eyes of our diners. They know what’s happening.&Toiding mmlt
1'ontard
you h:1s nieae'?
sugges-
fl"OmundeT belt, moves through oetopi who re.coil be:fore him. A3"6n.
- pe-rhaps thowsm:ula of'
The Disoo Volante is standing off-shore, down, rocking pe~o£fully on the '!'Bter.
Jesus! would'ya look at the size of that whammer!
HELLBOY.
Damn -- Okay. Here --
Aw, crap --
Aw, crap.
Start in, you got nachos coming.
You're Hellboy.
Crap. This guy moves like a cockroach --
Sorry, the Nugget of? Flam.
Walt doesn't run shit! There are no film or TV rights, Harlan's never allowed any adaptations of his books. Hates the idea.
So somebody suspects foul play, but goes through this ha cha dance of hiring me, of staying anonymous. It makes no damn sense. Compels me though.
It means your son's a little creep.
It means dad finally came to his senses and cut this worthless lazy brat out of the will.
Jesus don't mob the girl, let's talk about this
Ok seriously though, what the hell? She shakes her head, looks at him.
After I left the party, though. I was driving fast, nowhere, just in the night. And I got this weird... clarity. That from here on I was going to have to do for myself. And that felt... good. The old bastard.
So look me in the eye. And tell me what really happened to my granddad. Her lip quivers. She looks like she might attempt it. then tears drop from her eyes. You bastard.
Marta get your ass up, what the hell is happening? There's a guy here and a bunch of stuff, everything's going crazy, are we rich?? Marta lifts her head from her hands.
Blanc chews on this. Across the street, Marta and Ransom pull up in her car. INT. MARTA'S CAR Holy shit.
Excuse me. You have not been good to her. You have all treated her like shit to steal back a fortune that you lost and she deserves. You're a pack of bloody vultures at the feast, but you're not getting bailed out, not this time.
The hell you are, honey.
Yeah, you have quite a nice little                   * mess here.
It's Butch! Get your ass in gear                       * and say hello to your old drinking buddy! She calls loudly out to him:
You big flirt.
Come on, dumpty, don't start that.
Just remember to stop short of appearing a little dykey, because that's not attractive.
Dammit, Joan, these people are holding all the cards. They'll probably throw you into that bughouse with your sister.
Aw, Jesus.
Who is this guy, anyway? Isn't he a little sleazy, Joanie, a bit infra dig? I mean Lewie's a bit of a stiff, but...
You know whose heart this body- snatcher is trying to give me?! A victim of somebody called the Westside Slasher! And this is the doctor you recommended to me!
Well, I may be all kinds of a son of a bitch, and the prince of whatever, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't, when it comes down to it, stand up and take the bullet for you. She finally looks over at him, her eyes brimming with tears:
Don't touch her, buddy.
Chaps Only in the Long Bar.
I was concerned.  As I said, women in that part of Cairo, a European women, I felt obliged to.
Sikh.  If he wears a turban, he's a Sikh.
I'd like to get that bastard Almásy - settle the score, eh?  That's my fantasy - said he, clearing out. Must have been a spy all along.
I slept with the girl.  I've got a wife in Tripoli.  A girl comes up and points at you, you only see trouble.
You speak so many bloody languages and you never want to talk.
Hell, I've been shot at. Hell, ain't you, Queen?
That guy just ain't hep. He’s as unhep as a box.
Well, you ain't by yourself, Tills. All I know, I never bargained for nothin’ like this when I signed up in this man's Army back in the Bronx before the war. How did I know they was gonna be a fucking war, hanh? Answer me that.
All I know, old Charlie Company always gets screwed. Always. And I can tell you whose fault it is. Bugger Stein's, that's who. First he gets us stuck off on this boat clean away from our own outfit, where we don't know a fucking soul. Then he gets us stuck way down in fourth pace on the list to get off this son of a bitch. At the other end of the companionway, CAPT. JAMES STEIN talks privately with First Sergeant Welsh.
So he's a jerkoff with a pistol.
Geez, my ass is draggin’. All this gear.
You'd shit, too. EXT. MANGROVES AND BEACH ROAD - DAY They trudge through the mangroves to their bivouac, led by the Route Guide from regimental headquarters.
Goddamn it, Sergeant, I know it's a ridiculous order, too! Now go and tell them! That's an order!
Because, they going to need all the help they can git.
Goddamn it, it's easy for you! How'm I gonna work? I'm a farmer.
Sure I can walk, goddamn it. Fuck yes, I can walk. But how'm I gonna work? That's the point. Fife watches, trembling within, as Marl is led off into the darkness to the battalion medical station, the first actual wounded casualty in the company.
How'd you find us? You AWOL? I been asking around about you every day, trying to find out were you were. I thought you were in the brig. How long you been hanging around here? Why didn't you come in the orderly tent and get me? Witt's face hardens, almost as though someone had modeled his features in quick-setting cement and Fife were watching it dry.
Fife, I can tell you. When I think of old C-for-Charlie goin’ up there into them Japs without me, it like to breaks my heart. I been in this comp’ny -- what now? -- four years. You know how I feel about it. It’s my comp’ny. It ain’t right, that’s all. It ain’t. I belong with the company, Fife, old buddy.
Don't go up there! You'll be killed! Don't go up there! You'll be killed!
Did you see me? You fucking-A, you didn't, Tills. What was the use? Anybody could tell that fire wasn't aimed fire. It was stray stuff from the ridge. Could hit you just as well layin' down as standin' up. Maybe better.
They found two guys from George Comp'ny -- I heard it from the runner -- the Japs took 'em prisoner -- stabbed 'em with bayonets, fifty times. One of 'em beheaded -- alive -- with a sword. E Comp'ny found 'im with his hands tied behind his back -- head sitting on his chest. They'd stuffed his dick in his mouth. The sheer barbarity of the thing sweeps through C-for-Charlie like a cold-water shock.
Have a good shit? Bead is ashamed and embarrassed by the whole thing, that is the truth, and that is why he doesn't want to mention it to anybody. He gets back through the lines all right, without further questions. But as he approaches C-for-Charlie, he is joined by Pfc Doll, on his way down from 1st Platoon.
I went off to take a crap.
Lissen, kid, I got more problems than I know what to do with in this screwy outfit. I got no time to fuck around with kid games. I want to know what happened to you, and I want the truth. Look at yourself! Now, what happened? Where were you?
A few yards beyond the crest, front of Krim's hole. You won't need all the goddamned artillery, Welsh! There’s nobody up there now but him!
You two fellows better get on up there. I expect they need you.
They could fire searching fire, couldn't they? Stein glares at him. So does Welsh. Welsh wants to boot the new hero in the ass: already giving the company commander advice!
But, Jim, really, he's not -STEIN God damn you, all of you! Am I in command around here or not! Am I company commander of this outfit or am I not! Am I a captain or a goddamned private! Do I give the orders here or don't I! That man may die. He's hit bad. Get him back to Battalion Aid Station. See if they can't do something to save him.
Naw, Firs’ Sarn’t, I'm still in Cannon Comp’ny. Where you put me. Only we ain’t got no cannons. Who we goin’ after over there, Firs’ Sarn’t?
First chance I hadda be free of that goddamn Storm and all them cooks cooking up a bunch of shit for people to gorge their guts on. First chance I had to talk to the Comp'ny C'mander, personally, like this. Fife looks at him in astonishment. For one thing, it is a long time since anyone heard Charlie Dale string this many sentences together. He really does seem to be enjoying it, especially watching Storm all flattened out beside Sgt. Welsh.
What else? What else, Stein? You're not supposed to be down there on a goddamned asshole vacation. Get cracking! Out. Stein looks over the terrain that lies ahead of them. He points its geography out to Band, Welsh and Keck.
Okay, but goddamn it, do it with less noise.
What the hell do you mean, two squads! When I say reinforcements, I mean it. Throw every man you have in there, and do it now. Commit the reserve platoon and all. Everybody. 1st Platoon too. I see them lying on their fat asses down there doing nothing. Move them by the flank in to the ridge. Get a man to them right now with orders to attack..
Have the 2nd Platoon press the center. Go straight up the hill! Envelop them. Do I have to give you a lesson in infantry tactics while your men are getting their asses shot off, Stein? Over.
Stein! Don't pull that guardhouse lawyer shit with me, Stein!
You don't really know me yet, Lootenant.
If this hand don't get me clean away from this fucking Rock, I can go back to being a mess sergeant. I can cook hot food for 'em and get it to 'em. I won't carry it myself. The carriers can do that. Lot of people are going to come out of this war alive, more than get killed -- I want to be one of them.
Take this over to Culp in Weapons.
Back there at the strongpoint this morning. You remember, Witt.
I'm not a jerk. And you wasn't no acting sergeant when you done it. Anyway, I was made before you so I still outrank you. And I ain't scared of you... Besides, it don't look good in front of the men, Witt.
What are you doing here, Witt?
You can't go back there tonight anyway. You fool! You'll get your ass shot off by some trigger-happy sentry. Hardhead! EXT. COMPANY CP - DUSK Sgt. Welsh stands in front of a portion of the company, reading an announcement from Col. Tall.
You're a prick, Band! A schmuck! C'mon out, I'll take you myself! Everybody in this outfit hates your guts! Did you know that! How does it feel! How does it feel! Finally the light in the tent goes out. Then the flap is thrown back and Band stands in the doorway leaning on his hand on the canvas. He sways ever so slightly, but says nothing. Slowly the men begin to drift away awkwardly. The fun is gone.
In the first place nobody knows where they are. They're way to hell and gone off on their own someplace.
Have a nuther drink.
I want you to know I think the whole thing's a bad idea, though. If they come through there in any strength, Lootenant, they're going to knock your roadblock to hell and flinders even if we was a whole platoon. We couldn't hold them. But
Now I know you men are making and drinking this goddamn swipe. That's okay by me. Any man in an outfit of mine can get as drunk as he wants to every night, as long as he's ready -- and in shape -- to make reveille and carry out any assignment he's given. If he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble, and from me. Personal.Is that D as in Dick?
You fox, you fell in love.
Oh, no, you fell in love with some rich homosexual.
can be successful in spite of them. Money is all that matters there, too... Families... it's all shit. They walk on, past studios and exhibition rooms Preusser doesn't consider of interest.
Richard! Richard! Hold on a second! What is this shit? Take this off of me right now!
Put your guns away.
What are you dong here?
Bring your own boobs.
I'm not full of shit.
Look... Talent comes everywhere, everybody’s talented. I bet you, fucking everybody in this bar is talented in one thing or another, but having something to say, and a way to say it so people listen to it, that’s a whole other bag. And unless you get out there and you try to do it you’ll never know. That’s just the truth. If there’s one reason we’re supposed to be here, it’s to say something so people wanna hear it. She’s looking at him.
You gotta put 'em in, man.
I could get used to this shit. You need to date more rock stars, baby girl, you know what I'm saying?
Thank you very much. That was great... There's a friend of mine, who came a long way to be here... She wrote a great song, and I'd just like her to sing it. I think it's pretty fucking good. The audience cheers. He motions her on the stage... and now she is hit with severe self-consciousness, she doesn't want that... she starts to walk off... Jack bounds over to her, taking her hand... How are you?
I don't know. The hot air and the... history, I don't know. Bought the ranch I grew up on... Gave it to my brother. We buried Dad there... I just wanted to make sure that nobody paved over his grave or any of that kind of shit.
Ain't nothing to be afraid of, bro. You know, it's like... You float out at sea, and then one day, you find a port. Say, ‘I'm gonna stay here for a few days.’ A few days becomes a few years. And then you forgot where you were going in the first place. And then you realize, you don't really give a shit about where you were going... 'cause you like where you're at. That's how it is for me. I like where I'm at.
I put my Jackson titties on!
‘Why do you look so good in those jeans, Why'd you come around me with an ass like that, You're makin’ all my thoughts obscene, This is not, not like me,’ She is the definition of a pop star. The song: electric, catchy as all hell, and completely unrecognizable to Jack.
What? You don’t think I can do this shit? Terry turns around and does an impressive pirouet into a arabesque into a grande jete en attitude. He walks away.
What’d you care, your wife’s crazy hot.
You’re delusional dude. She’s insanely hot.
Let me know if you hear of any jobs opening up. EXT. STREET - HALF AN HOUR LATER Terry and Allen drive down the street in Terry’s bad ass big American car. It is pluming black smoke behind it.
Son of a bitch! I saw “court side” and went blind. Let’s go back and play hard ball this time. They throw down their beers and walk off. INT. ERSHON’S OFFICE - NEXT DAY Terry and Allen enter, still in their Knicks swag.
No! The International Monetary Fund. The basically buy messed up countries! Now give me my fucking cheese. Terry pulls him back in and Allen hits the pedal. Ershon snatches the cheese back from Allen. Allen leans in and takes one more bite.
This guy Bastion is nasty. He summers with Dick Cheney. You’re going to have to teach me to shoot and fight like you.
Running this place for a fella in town. Nothing much to speak of.
That's harsh, man, keep it down.
Lisa hLUd them.
Relax, that's bullshit. Your dad's a lawyer, he'll kill that talk dead.
Oh, please, you're.not gonna sit by your lonesome. There's plenty of room, if Amy;here slides her bubble butt.
doc-hickey up Is there a little yonder where the gate suppose to close? Stickin' down a little?
Well, suh, I'd druther drive for Jews. People always talkin' 'bout they stingy and they cheap, but don' say none of that 'round me.
Anyway, them's the people callin' Jews cheap. So I say, "Yassum, I think about it" and I get me another job as fas' as I can.
Excuse me for asking, but how com' she ain' hire for herself?
I know what you mean 'bout dat. Once I outta work, my wife say to me, "Oooh, Hoke, you ain' gon' get noun 'nether job." And I say, "What you talkin' 'bout, woman?" And the very next week I go to work for that woman in Little Five Points. Cahill! Mrs. And then I got to Frances Cahill. Judge Stone and they the reason I happy to hear you Jews.
Sho' I do. Don' you worry none about I hold on no matter what way she it. but a 'little run me. When I nothin' boy down there on the farm above Macon where I come from, I use to wrastle hogs to the ground at killin' time. And ain' no hog got away from me yet.
that woman had lungs! She'd a been a whole church choir by herseff if they'd a let her. And fat, tool She about the size of that stove yonder.
want you nosing
else I kin do fo'
What yo' plans
about dat.
Yassum, but look like you doin' right now.
Yassum.
Uh oh. She done see me on the phone. She liable to throw a fit right there by the checkout ••• Yassuh. Only took me six days. Same time it take the Lawd to make the worl'.
Lawd knows you ain' no fool, Daisy.
Miz Daisy, you needs a chauffeur and Lawd know, I needs a job. Less jes' leave it at dat. They eye each other
Yassum, pretty read.
got ·,em all
She makes an ass out of herself year.
Go on 'way from here, Miz Daisy! Jump up and snatch her baldheaded!
You know, yo' Mama done watch -over dis machine like a chicken hawk. One day we park in f;ont of de dry cleaner up yonder at de Plaza and dis white man -- look like some kind of lawyer, banker, dress up real fine -- he done lay his satchel up on our hood while he open up his trunk, you know, and Lawd what he want to do that for? ~Fore I could stop her, yo' Mama jump out de back do' and run that man every which way. She wicked 'bout her paint job.
~lready made the deal with Mist' Mitchell inside yonder.
Bes' ever come off the line. And dis new one, Miz Daisy dean take to it, I let her ride in disheah now an' again.
How much you and Hoke plannin'
you make a pig of
Yassum.
of. She takin'
You sho' shouldda'.
use the toilet You know dat.
Yassum. I hear you. How you think I feel havin' to ax you when can I make my water like I some damn dog? Why, Hoke!
Iain' no dog and-Iain' no chile and Iain' just a back of the neck you look at while you going wherever you want to go. I a man, nearly seventytwo years old, and I know when my bladder full and I gettin' out dis car and goin' off down the road like I got to do. And I'm takin' the car key dis time. And that's the end of it! He gets
·she phone when she know Miz Daisy be out and she say, "How are they treating you, Hoke?" You know how she soun', like her nose stuff up. And I say, "Fine, Miz Harris," and she say, "Well, if you lookin' for a change, you know where to call." I'll
She say name yo sal'ry.
to thinkin', HOKE
the blonde one got a lotta How do she make it so shiny?
help it. Big mess up yonder.
out yo' head!
Lemme have 'im, Miz Mcclatchey. Go on.
You a lucky ole woman! You know dat?
come here? Go on, Miz Daisy. Oat thing been in the junkyard fifteen years or mo'.
to bustin'
Didn’t he? He got all of us mad enough to beat the crap out of you in gym.
Girl is my type. Well, except for the uggos.
I thing my tonbue is tuck.
I think I might be gay.
Hold on one freakin’ second! She finally has everyone’s undivided attention.
Well, John’s a real bastard, right?
All right, ,Peter, but if I s·ee a cake with sixty-three candles on it, I'm heading out the door faster than shit out of Secretariat.
He's going co kill Falk.
•1 WILL ICUP MYRIFLE CLEANAND UADY, EVEN I AM cu:AN ANDREADY. WE WII.L BECOMEPAll.T
':lou are .the mose bewildering . man I have eve.r met. ,
Whadda.you want?
Alright then, go back. Nothing’s stopping you. You can go all the way bloody home if you want. At the mention of home Schofield turns on him sharply. Don’t.
Well, you know his girl’s a hairdresser, right? And he was moaning about the lack of bathing facilities when he wrote to her remember those rancid jakes at Arras? Schofield nods - they were disgusting.
“Lance Corporal! Whatever one does, one never lets standards slip!” Then Scott comes out of the latrine, he wipes his hand on the back of Beaufoy’s jacket! Shit all down his back. Laughter.
Oh, piss off you. You can’t do any better. Schofield pulls his bloody tunic tight around himself, watches. He almost disappears into the noise of the men.
Here, Driver, how about you try to keep it on the bloody road for a change!
Don’t balls it up.
Balls, man. We’re about to go over. We’ve got them on the run.
Well I'll be goddamned! Did you see that ol'sky Jockey zip down over there, Pooh?
Till I got kicked out.
Wait a second here, hold on. What •akes wou think the,,i lliere dead?
This is another one of their stupid stunts to sell ice cream from that truck those hoodlums are running around in. Oh now I really believe this.
Oh Jim. Is this from wou? Ho"' sweet.
what's going on? You're not gonna hit nie, are wou?
Okaw, but t•ll •v•rwcne to st•w indoors. Dan't do •nwthin9 stupid!
Get'em Slug.
Okay, you ~uys, enough. stop it.
You got a kid in the show? The Biker looks at him.
They go to hell.
You're afraid of me because I talk like a sphynx.
This clothed hyena is my wife.
Shut up Philip.
Relax you wussy, we're not going to get caught.
they were pretty acarad. But I think they were all right. The Bnd.
Oh my God. He'll be fine my ass. They run back to where TONY is tied up. When they ge·t there, they see that TONY is screaming because a BABY DEER is licking the honey off his stomach. TONY
"When you're a Jet, you"re a Jet all the way from you're first cigarette, 'til you• re last dyin • day. When you• re a jet and the shit hits the fan you got brothers around, you're a family man.• ALL
Clearly to his own damned end.
Why in heavens a dog would want to eat my shit I cannot fathom. Why would it not eat its own shit if it has such a taste for shit? If only I had a taste for my own shit. I’d need never search for food again.
Mine would be a higher order of it. If I was a shit-eating mongrel cur I s’pose I’d too want a steaming hot plate of Sir John’s blogs. Beale has noticed that Falstaff is walking with purpose in a very particular direction.
Hal moves away. Grey looks to William who watches him coldly.
You. Leave.
That’s not a superhero, though. How is that super? Super is like, being stronger than everybody and flying and shit. That’s just hero.
Yeah, but he had all expensive shit that doesn’t exist. I thought you meant, like how come no one does it in real life.
All those mid-life crisis guys in the guitar store, they’re never gonna be rockstars, but it doesn’t stop ‘em buying guitars.
It’d be awesome! Think about it: if he was our friend, no one would ever fuck with us again! Dave and Marty consider this. Marty nods over towards Chris.
So this guy, he comes in, outta nowhere.
You are fucking awesome. He strikes a superhero pose, throws a few martial arts moves.
You’re like fucking Jason Bourne or something! That owns! Marty does it again, harder.
No. Marty, give it a fuckin’ rest, man. I’ve only been back, like, half a day and already you’re making me kinda miss the hospital. 56
Drop a laptop and it’ll break. But when it’s fixed, it’s not gonna be a fuckin’ George Foreman grill.
Give it time man. Only been a week.
And, like, someone said when you went through the metal detector the other day they saw you turn in this really gay-looking personal taser? It’s camo!
Aw, forget about it man. Rumors don’t mean shit. The people who care about you know the truth.
Holy shit, what happened? Marty flicks a huge promotional cardboard sign: the cover of Kickass number 1. A strap-line on it says: COMING SOON.
Dude, that is one fuckin’ gaylookin’ taser.
Kickass? One guy?? If you’re right, we’re gonna look like the biggest bunch of pussies in New York! Man... Go ahead and look into it.
This is not about us liking him, Gigante. It’s about having better things to do than hunt down some guy who roughed up a few gangbangers.
Then you better get your damn apron on, Marcus. Dismissed. All of you. 94
Please, hear me out first: that asshole Gigante is looking for Kickass. I needed to warn you.
No, I’ll tell you who owes her a childhood: Frank D’Amico. Now get the hell out of here. 97
Kickass, you gotta tell me.
Dave?! What are you doing? Why are you dressed as Kickass?
Ain’t no man in the whole of Manhattan with bigger cojones than you, Mindy baby. You know that? But Mindy is engrossed in something on the computer.
I called the number. Your dad’s friend. Told him to meet us. He MINDY He is the fucking cops. In a hurry now, Mindy turns her back on Angie and runs on to the next door, Dave racing to catch up. She kicks it open. It’s Frank’s study. The motherlode.
You’ll go down for that, Williams! Your ass is going straight to tribunal! I’ll see to it myself. Marcus grins and produces a framed photograph. He admires it.
Hope Frank D’Amico paid you well, Gigante. You’re gonna be needing one fine-ass lawyer. 184He's kind of an old codger... just take him with a grain of salt.
He can squeeze pennies so hard they bleed, man.
What do you want, man?
You ready for this craziness?
Nothing to worry about. The guy's a punk.
Don't try it, Jack, man. It ain't worth it.
Jack's contract SLAMS down on the table.
What’s shaking, fellas? They say nothing. She flashes an ID card at them. They snap to attention and salute.
Come on guys, how about a nugget? One soldier to another?
your black hole! 31
You’re Gorton Hex, right?
Get on with it. Move out, Hex. 81
What ... ? You want ...  oh.  Oh, hell no, I couldn't do  that  ... Nossirree bob,  you  little  nut.
Okay, skeezix.  Go on.  Get outta here.
Honey, you know a man named Dick Lloyd?  Don't step in the egg.
Jesus, Dick Lloyd.  What's he want?
Whatever.
How come I never heard of Dick Lloyd?
All dressed up and no one to blow.
Look, Doc, you're  way  off.  Way off.  Know what I think?  I think Riggs is pulling for a psycho pension.
I know all about Riggs, Doc.  He's a tough bastard.
Dick, why did you call me yesterday?
Easy, Dick.
I'm a police officer, Dick.
I'm trying to tell you I understand, you dope.
I know that.  Not like you're murdering anyone.
You'll be killing a cop.
Jesus.  You're not trying to draw a psycho pension.
I'm too old for this shit.
Look, I' m sorry I said that shit back there.
Roger, you're being an asshole.
The point being, now she has to cover her ass.
Artwork.  This is goddamn artwork.
Yeah.  Man  had  the  same  thing.
Fuck easy.
Dammit,  Roger,   I've...   ve  o another daughter!
I'm pissed, Roger.  Now I'm pissed.
Heh.  Don't  be  a  killjoy.  It's Friday  night.  Let's  go  kick  ass.
You just got shot, man.
He's bluffing, it's a dud.  He wouldn't risk killing his daughter.
Dud!  It's a dud!
Please shut up.
He knows shit.  We're safe.
Fry  his  nuts.
Well, shit.
You're too old to change now, Colchise.
Sucker, if you think I'm gonna cat the world's lousiest Christmas turkey all by my lonesome, you're nuts.
Injuns has 'em... Caddoes or Kiowas... Kiowas or Caddoes.
What I had in mind was runnin' off their hoss herd... A Comanche on foot is more apt to be willin' to listen...
You talk like a feller might just as leave run around nekkid...
All right... I ain't got no kin... I'm goin' to keep lookin' that's all.
Take yer hands off'n me... This lady an' me got some things to talk over!
Come f'r my rockin' chai'... ole Mose.
Sonny, yonder's a passel of murderers, complete with Texican scalps an' white girl captive... You want to protect us, you just get out of our way... Now skedaddle!
Laurie! Shut your mouth!
Holy shit. You have seven sisters?
Don't puss out.
Whassis?
This is not supposed to be here. Seriously. Carlos, Carlos, this is really not supposed to be here. I don't mean to be a dick; but that's gonna hurt someone. It already did hurt someone: It hurt me, so please let's move that.
Uch. Shut up, Dean.
Ok. This is what you get when you're a pervert -- you said you'd help someone out and you didn't so we're just getting some money for her and that's that.
Go fuck yourself that shit doesn't have anything to do with me - this is a legitimate bossiness.
Whoever owns this.
Whatever.
I’ll clean it up later. Just like the rest of this fucking mess. Tossing his perforated sneaker to one side, the lambmasked man rises, leaning heavily to keep his weight off his wounded foot. Felix walks forward into the room. Zee appears on the stairs behind him.
I have a man down.  Repeat, man down.
Why jeopardize what we've already done? We caught the sonofabitch.  Carl Stargher.  That's going to be like Bundy, Gacy, Dahmer.  A case that makes careers.  But if we push our luck.  If this is all bullshit and we come out smelling like it.
Where you come from priddy thing?
Where the hell you been?
Little worm pissed his pants.
You had to work at a center for abused kids for three months.  You stayed on two years for no pay.  You give half your fucking salary to the nursing home your grandmother stays at...
Jesus Christ, man, you look like hell.
Hoo you thing you are?? Himm Muther?
You funny.  You thing you stop me god?
You got to understand back then, I was Young, Cock Strong, Dumb as a Rock. There’s a reason dey don’t send Old Men to Fight in The War.
I can’t remember none of dat Shit. They hug. It’s an Explosive Reunion as Otis and Paul greet Melvin and Eddie after so many years.
Man, ain’t nobody said that.
I see your Head is still Hard as Hell.
Paul Screams at Huy.
You must watch that Fox News Bullshit.
You see dese Guys Reckless Eyeballin’ us? Everyone looks over. One of the Vietnamese Men waves.
Stallone. I like dat Shit.
Once a Ho, always a Ho.
What you sayin’ man?
Bad Ass Paul. The Two have a rare moment of Bonding.
Nah, Ex Number One got that one.
Price of doin’ Business.
Best Damn Soldier ever lived. Wasn’t many Brothers that made Squad Leader. He was like our Malcolm or Martin. In fact, when they Assassinated Dr. King everything was about to explode over here between us and The RedNecks. Norman had a way of keeping us from going off.
Damn Right.
I can’t have you Crackin’ up out there.
Come on Man. Cut the Bullshit. We’ve known each other too long. Paul gets Real with Otis. They look out at the Water where tiny boat lights rise and fall on the current.
You gotta talk to somebody Man.
From your Black Hairy Ass as I recall. Melvin gives David a WINK. Otis limps up, struggling.
...Dat Gold should go to Black Liberation!
But you paid for all dis Shit.
Yeah, on a Black Credit Card. They all get quiet.
You go right ahead and believe that... Ignorant Ass Muthafucka. Otis head down takes off with his Back Pack for The Trail. They all watch him disappear in The Darkness. Eddie decides to follow. Then Melvin. David looks at his Father and dashes off. No choice. Paul follows the others down The Trail. 53
When you've been cheated as many times as I have, you learn to spot the signs of a Dirty Black Rat Bastard. Otis just listens to him. Paul looks at Otis. An Ingots lands at Paul’s Feet. Eddie stands there with an open backpack and throws more Ingots at Paul.
...We’re not tellin’ Nobody Nuthin’.
Let's see those Bastards try to follow us now.
Shut up, Travis.
No you’re takin’ what’s ours. Look on there it says USA. That’s us. You USA?
Ain’t Nuthin’ To It But To Do It.
You were unconscious, you don’t remember shit. I saved you.
You fellas got names?
Tell ya what. In consideration of this little misunderstanding, we're gonna give you fellas protection for free.
Moliari knows ya got a beef. We gotta figure somethin'.
When the stiff's an Irish, the cops take it kinda personal.
Ya ignorant Guinea, it's kreplach.
Dirty thieving Jews!
Lad, I'm a busy man. July's always a big month for murder. Fella named Barone turned up just this mornin', throat cut ear to ear.
When you're investigatin', how long ya keep at it?
Nucky's a straight shooter. We ain't gonna get fucked.
Ya gotta get way from New York, Charlie. Maranzano. Masseria. Them old Dons are never gonna give ya any daylight. Colosimo was the same way. Couldn't see the future if it bit him in the ass. But in Chicago you can get away with axin' the Capo. Here, you're stuck with 'em.
But ya got a Boss.
Torrio ain't like them guys. He thinks like an American. You'd like him, Charlie. He'd like you.
Hey. Whatever the hell works.
Sure. A polite "fuck you".
Charlie, Gay Orlova.
I came into this world flat on my ass.
Tell me when ya got enough.
Well, good. Woman like that you don't have to keep an eye on.
Ya never tell a guy about a broad.
Wassa matter? Some Ziegfeld shiksa you're bangin' convert ya?
That's just what they're calling ya pal. Lucky Luciano.
I'm a hard guy. I done more jobs than alla you combined. And I never said no. Not once. But dammit I don't understand why the hell we gotta kill our friends!
Jeez, Bugsy. Ya like ta scared the crap outta me.
Ya got a eye for a tool.
Ya can do business with a guy a long time and still have no idea what gets his dick hard. Then, somethin' happens, and he shows himself like one of Minsky's broads. Then ya know that fella.
No matter what you say to me Salvatore, you are my bambino.
Look at this boy. He hardly eats. Like that fella killed Caesar.
Shit. When I was comin' up, bein' fat meant ya had somethin' ta eat. Guy looked like you, people felt sorry for 'em. Right, Gerardo?
So, smarty-pants, ya can't even beat an ignorant old man.
One move pardner, and you're a dead man.
You fellas want the true facts?
I don't care what anybody calls me, Joe. Long as it ain't to dirty. And if you fellas get together every year and say, "Charlie, we still want you to run things for us", I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no.You corning? Q
You're wrong old man. never ended.
Let's go, people. We gotta get y'all fed before the movie starts. Cause if you miss seeing Darryl Hannah's ass, that's on me. An EAGER PATRON steps up.
I don't know what happens there, I don't know what they talk about. All I know is Craig started going when I was pregnant with Henri and he was losing his shit. Now he loves being a dad and he never misses a Saturday.
What's up, fellas, offspring everyone good? Haskel, nice shiner. Vic, did you do that?
Yeah, but my penis is full Jew.
It means they're buckfuddies, Dad.
Fellas, kids. Whoa, Haskel.
You got laid off and you didn't even tell me!? Who does that!? You'd be the first call I'd make. I would be physically unable of keeping that from you.
Oh hey, Marco, I didn't MARCO - Bullshit. You looked right at me. He gives her a look, a little smile.
Ramsey Cooper, you put your drink down and get your ass out there and fix what needs fixing. Now.
Piece-of-shit double boiler.
Aw c'mon, Chef. It's a bitch trying to park this thing on my street.
About damn time. 135
You Tube Lady!
The races, the trophies - they aren't gonna mean shit when I'm gone. It's you guys, my kids, that's all we really leave behind.
Goddammit Lawrence, from whom do you take your orders?
The Howeitat are brigands; sell themselves to anyone.
Get out of my way.
That that he killed was the man be brought out of the Nefud.
You are an impudent rascal.
You're a good chap, Harry.
- He can't wattt, what he wants.
What in hell ~o you want, Lawrence?
Your tum.
Here. Let me take your rotten bloody picture.
Filthy liUle wog.you want your
This is one friendly little town you got here. I've been told to shove off, to piss off, and to git off,
You Give him 207, Alston. can't hear the drunks in there.
Well, Jimmy Jerome, we already got six of you bossmen in civil contempt. Maybe we can make it seven.
Minnows. They won't hurt you.
Those names are dummies.
she leave? DAKIN
Our own Mother Jones.
It's the best chance we've got to nail these bastards., to get 'em with their pants down. They got their butts in an icy wind this time. Don't tell me you can't remember it., you can't get it. Walk up to it, stand there, copy it down, word for word, line for line. Get the date., get the signature, get it all -- and get it back to mel I'll
Aw, sonofa... That is uncool; that is not cool. The roughnecks mutter Spanish curses. Bobby grabs Stig. Stig calms.
They were third rate crap. Deb enters.
Your pal, Stig’s a piece of work.
You gonna wink at the waitress? Hell yeah.
Oh, Jesus. You’re military.
I guess I just missed it. OVER BY THE FRONT DOOR - Quince enters, scans the bar. and Stig both see him. Uh-oh. Without warning Stig rears back and decks Bobby. sprawls. You slut. Ricardo?
That’s short sighted and sexist of you.
Well, before your boys start blasting, you might want to take a look off to the East. On the horizon, two lights approach low and fast. helicopters armed with mean-ass 20mm gun cannons.
Gwendolyn Hoyt was a housewife. And her husband was this real asshole.
These folks are runnin’ at Hell with a bucket of water.
Hey, they got 'vagina' in the dictionary, they got farts in the encyclopedia.
Business is a little light today, too damn hot. Which one of you knuckle-heads wants to get off early?
Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper?
He owns the company 'cause that patent saved the company's ass after the war, when all the war contracts dried up.
Jesus... what do you want?
Excuse me, asshole, but...
Like hell you are.
Git!   Stop that! You two git!
Oww!   Damn!
Damn, you're drunk. Awww, man... I better get you out of here before the Puritans tar-and-feather you. Can you walk?
Smurf, you dunderhead ignoramus.
Speaking of unforeseen, this place hasn’t got a pot to piss in.
You! Urchin! Fetch me a chamber pot. This swill you call Cristal has gone straight to my nether region.
Grrreat Scot, I’m flyiiiiiiiing! No, Gutsy.
‘Ad a little roon-in wit a black’n’ white demon, we did.
At’s it, Heft! Shoo‘em oo’s boss!
Pick on someone yer oon size, ya’ smurrrfin’ wanker! Gutsy has risen and is diving for Gargamel."Come on, Mary. You know what it was. It was her. Kat." Mary looks down for a moment.
Spoken like a true robo-phile.
Gotta find him first. Elusive bloke. Never know where he's going to turn up.
These guys are gonna kill.
these wretched
Good lord no - it's the bloke she's dancing with - I'm sure
with his brother Bufty - tremendous bloke.
right. Damn fine
Jane Hibbott
be my awful wedded wife
can hear at shouting perfectly well!! It•s that deaf idiot there you should be shouting at!
Are you a lesbian?
I remember you gofng on about this girl Helena, was it, whose Mother made a pass at you .
bloke Bernard
breasts.
prick, marry
You kidder - for some reason or other you imagine Americans are going to be dull as shit - and of course you're not are you?
don't be too long - the 11 think you don't want to her.
Damn.
That's okay, Buddy-boy.  Now like I was saying, I'm in this joint on Sixty-first -- and I think I got lucky --
Well, to make the figures come out even -- since I have no colds a year -- some poor slob must have five colds a year.
Hi, fellas.
Quite an office -- name on the door -- rug on the floor -- the whole schmear.
So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.
You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.
Hey -- over here, lover.
You fink!
So you went right out and picked yourself up another dame.
That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?Get away from him- This is my father- myfather- my father.
I use to imagine Jeff Goldbloom was my Dad. I saw him in The fucking Fly- I was like that must be what my Dad looks like. Also explains a lot because the dudes fucking weird. But he looks like me man.
Come're little warthog.
Agnes, you're stupid.
The car business is fine. I'm golden and glowing -- scoring like a champ and becoming a big goddamn captain of industry. And, right now at this time I am unmarried, Vi is gone. I am now a free man. And how'd you get an attitude like you got?
'Why'? You gotta not give a fuck if you live or die. Forget time. You gotta get to nothing means nothing. When you achieve that attitude, you can survive.
Whatever. JESSIE
I'm taking 200 dollars a week from this schmuck.
URIZZI
Ah bullshit! With my wife, my kids, I am very tight.
Hi ya, pop? Whaddya doin' in here playing sick? I got three chicks onna street waiting for ya. You're gonna get me in trouble.
Urizzi enters
...Okay. This guy's a goof. Screw him.
I don't know. But we're gonna be right there. On his ass. This guy's gonna be history. Ba-boom: Gimme some coffee.
Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.
Kirkhill?  That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.  Hey, Perry!
Virgil, you wiener!  You never could stand up to fight.  You--
Howdy, y'all.  Hey, Lindsey!  I'll be damned! You shouldn't be down here sweet thing, ya'll might run ya stockings.
Hippy wasn't born then.
Hippy, you're going to give that rat a disease.
Do you always have to call him that?  The Suit? It makes you sound like such a hick.  His name is Michael.
We got Russian subs creeping around.  Shit! Something goes wrong they could say anything happened down here, man.  Give our folks medals, know what I mean?
Hippy, just relax.  You're making the women nervous.
It's gotta be, like, an emergency plan to keep it away from the Russians... Hotwire one of the nukes with some kinda detonator, put it back in the sub, and fry the whole thing, slicker'n snot. Oh, uh... hi, Lins.
I gotta tell you, that guy scares me a lot more than whatever's down there.  A.J. Squared Away goddamn jarhead robot.  Okay, gimme a couple hours on this.
Happy as hogs in a waller down there, prob'ly.
Bud, I... uh, there's some things I want to say. It's hard for me.  I'm not of those softy, gooey- center-type people.  It's not easy, you know, being a cast-iron bitch.  It takes discipline and years of training.  A lot of people don't appreciate that.
Shut up, Hippy.  Bud, how you doing?
Yeah.  I'll be right there... I have to go. Look, we don't know what it is!  Okay?  Not the slightest goddamn idea!Right out of the gate you wrote a kick ass song for Graces, you hooked up with the star, you were on your way. Then she took off like a rocket and you sat on your ass in this creepy theme restaurant of an apartment.
My brother doesn’t just sit on his ass and collect royalties. He’s also been working on a rock musical for six years.
You want a lolly?
Sarah Marshall. You were hitting some hot shit! On screen, she’s like cute girl next door, but like, in person, BAM!! You know? Peter takes a hit of the joint.
Pick up the goddamn knife! We can’t have a bloody pig running through the hotel! Peter picks up the knife.
FISH! We caught a shitload of fish.
Jesus man. I believe you’re trying your best, but for a British dude you sure are low on tact.
What are you talking about? You’ve got the Kapua Suite for a couple more nights, for free. What are you, some sort of moron?
Get off me.
Get off my island.
I don’t care what you say, nasty wench, of my love, for it is love that will save my damned soul!!!Father and I are in the Mi nister's box, by personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself.
No. Get back to the Portkey, all of you . And st~ck t:oget:her. Fred, George, you're responsible for Ginny . Ginny, you listen to your brothers.
Blimey. The old codger can see out of the back of his head~ ..
HERMIONE
You and Krum.
HERMIONE
Hos~ likely?
Bob Dalavan - works for the Montreal Comedy Festival, you fuckin' doof. Don't you want to get noticed? Move to LA? Hang out with Elijah Wood and shit.
I was in bed with my girlfriend and I was trying to mansplain to her that, you know, we are on one little rock orbiting a star in a galaxy of a billion stars in a universe full of a billion galaxies, so I forgot your birthday. Who gives a shit? You are cosmically over reacting to this. Honestly you are being super selfish. You're right, but you're selfish.
They're fucking with you.   It's not really like that.
My divorce does not mean our future is impossible. It actually means the direct opposite. I'm not hiding anything from you. Okay? I'm an open fucking book. You wanna know what's in my cigar box? Stickers. Stickers and stamps.
Best fuckin' sandwich I've ever had.
Whatever.
Fuck yeah.
I'm not an asshole. I'm really not. 97
There's not enough room in the car, probably. We leave in a week, all right? And I already called shotgun Chicago to Pittsburgh. Do not fuck this up.
Where the hell were you?
You don’t give a shit about protecting them. You want to possess them. Kellie gets back on her feet and takes a step towards Abby.Because Eleanor Roosevelt was too fond of chintz -- that's why.
Holy shit! 23
Hey, Poppy, shut up! Shut up!
Hot damn! Didn't I tell you under two minutes?
Uhuh? Listen, pal, I was thinking Martians before there even nn Martians! You see the brochure? The Galaxy is gonna be world class. 10,000 rooms, a five million dollar space ride and a whole building full of that virtual reality shit. This is gonna be the best hotel in Vegas!
So would you screw a man from Mars?
Art, are you still spinning your wheels on that cockamamie hotel? He looks up.
You leave here, you're disgracin' an American hero!
Goodwin? What's happening? Come in. Can you read me? It's goddamn cold in here. He hits a few buttons. Almost at random. The VENTS which had been blowing in air FALL SILENT.
No, I guess not. They're pretty anal around here.
Come on. These guys are serious. Help me out. My ass is on the line, too, you know.
You can't rape a Townie!
I'm telling you. I must be the best Goddamn house mother on campus ::1:1;;:- ~
Here. London. Turned up in sixty five. And I had a feeling, as soon as I laid eyes on him. But that little swine Toby Esterhase told me I was seeing Spies under the bed.
You're to leave Polyakov alone. You're becoming obsessed with him.
Your bloke's a bit of a bastard.
Doing some research. Makes a change from sitting on my arse.
Thanks anyway. Stick to sitting on my arse.
you do the bloody repair?
I'm talking to you about a murderer. I'm talking to you about a defector from your own damn section! I'm accusing you of consorting with an enemy agent behind my back! Don't damn well shrug at me! How'd you like a term in prison?
Never mind what for! To muddy the water, that's what for! Spread a whole lot of damn nonsense to get us chasing our tails! The point is this - he's heading for home. The first peep from him you come to the grown-ups, understood? Anyone you see at this table. But not another damn soul! 68.
Christ's sake, don't fight over a bit of skirt!
Get Esterhase on the phone. Tell him to pull in the Hungarian agents, anyone we're onto. Tell him to get down to the London School of Economics, sandbag some bloody students and put them on ice at Sarratt.
It's alright, old fella. Don't cry. Nobody ever watched like you, did they? Off you go, now.
You were Beggarman.
A vampaneze.
Like to know where the hell we are.
Well ya sure as hell can't bring me, and we need the rest of our stick.
Lew, we are the rest of our stick!
One of your Goddamn traps. You mighta warned us where you'd-CHLOE Please - not so loud. We don't want to wake my family.
Way I hear it, half the German grenades are duds.
Ed! Get up here, Dammit!
Sorry. Shit.
Doyle, you bastard.
'LEVPMItWFVIEOMRKXLIMVLIEVXW *036-3 :3
EGSPPIKILMWQSQGSYPHRtXEJJSVH
-HMHRtXQIERMXPMOIXLEX-NYWX
'LEVPMIPSZIWXLIGSQTIXMXMSRLItWLEZMRKXLIXMQISJLMW
KIXWXEVXIHXSRMKLX;IGER
;IGERtXWXEVXSRXLIFSEXXSRMKLX
7LItWWXYGOEX[SVO
MWSRMXtWJIIX8LIGLIIVWEVIHIEJIRMRKERHRSFSH]tW
7IIQWPMOIXLIFVMKLXJYPPQSSRtWLERKMRKVMKLXSZIVXLIQ
'LEVPMIWXEVIWEXETPEGIJEVJEVE[E]
'LEVPMIWIIWXLIKVEZIPSSOWSRXLITEVEQIHMGWtJEGIW
'LEVPMItWLSPHMRKSRXS7EQtWFEWIFEPPKPSZIMXtWKSXEFEPP
WXERHWEFSZIXLIKVEZITVITEVIWXSHVST7EQtWKPSZISRXSXLI
'LEVPMIXVMIWFYXLINYWXGERtXPIXKSSJXLEXKPSZI,MW
'LEVPMItWEWXSYRHIH,IVEMWIWLMWLIEH;LEXLIWIIW
'LEVPMItWQMRHMWVIIPMRKWPS[P]LIWXERHW 7EQ#
7EQtWKVEZIWXSRIMWWTEVOPMRK8LIRLILIEVW
-XtWKSMRKXSFIEPPVMKLX8VYWX
1VW4LMTTWWQMPIWRSPSRKIVEJVEMH
'LEVPMIORS[W[LEXtWGSQMRK,IWXEVXW[EPOMRKHS[RXLILMPP
KVEFEFIIVSZIVEX1EHHMItW
q;EXIVWMHI'IQIXIV]MWELMWXSVMGEP
-XtWEPSRKLEVHHVMZI-XGSYPHFI
WXERHEXLIVWMHI
'LEVPMItWWIPJGSRWGMSYWYRGSQJSVXEFPI,IGEWXWLMWI]IW
'LEVPMIXSWWIWXLIFS\MRWMHI,ItWEFSYXXSKIXMRERHHVMZI
7LItWWIIRLMQ'LEVPMIXVMIWXSLMHIFILMRHEQMRMZER
'LEVPMIKIXWYTFYX1MOIFEVWLMW[E]
2S['LEVPMItWVIEPP]TERMGOMRK8LIXLSYKLXSJQMWWMRK7EQ
WEMPSVHMHRtX[ERXXSWLSZISJJ LItHKIXWLERKLMIH
8IWW[EXGLIW'LEVPMIVYRRMRKSJJXLVSYKLXLI[MRHS[LItW
'PSYHMWEWXYHERHELEPJ,ItW KSXXLIQSZIWXLEXHVMZIQIr
'LEVPMIKVEFWLMWERHWSSRXLI]tVIXLVS[MRK
8LEXWS#&IGEYWI-[EWEX1EHHMItW
-tHPMOI]SYXSKSRS[TPIEWI
7UYEVMRKLIVJEGIXSXLIVMWMRK[MRHWLIWQMPIW
%RH7EQKIXWGPIEVSJXLIXVII
'037)328IWWtWXIQTPIWXVMOIWEFYPOLIEH[MXLWMGOIRMRK
FYXXSREPWSJPEWLIWEVIH[EVRMRKWMKREP
3RP]RS[HSIW'LEVPMItWJEGIGSQIMRXSJYPPJSGYWJSVLIV
8IWWNYWXPSSOWEX'LEVPMIWLItWXV]MRKXSQEOIYTLIVQMRH
)ZIRXLSYKLLItWWQMPMRK'LEVPMILEWTYPPIHFEGOERH8IWW
%RHWLItWKSRI'LEVPMItWPIJXEPSRIMRLMWGSXXEKI[LMGLMW
'LEVPMIWQMPIWERHLItWEFSYXXSVYRXS[EVHLIV[LIRLI
'PSYH8LIRWLIWTMIW'LEVPMIERH7EQtWJSVPSVRPSSOMRK
XLI]tZIIQTXMIH 8IWWPSSOWSZIV'LEVPMItWFSEXWOIXGLIWPEMHSYXSRXLI
XS[EVHXLIFMKQIWW]FSSOGEWI-XtWJMPPIH[MXLERIGPIGXMG
'LEVPMItWRIZIVWEMHXLIWIXLMRKWXSER]FSH]8IWWXEOIWLMW
8IWWPSSOWHIITMRXS'LEVPMItWI]IW
8LIRMRXLIKVMTSJIQSXMSRWLItWRIZIVFIJSVIJIPX'LEVPMI
%RH8IWW[EPOWSYXXLIHSSV'LEVPMItWGSXXEKILEWRIZIV
'LEVPMItWLIEHMRKXLVSYKLEGPIEVMRK,IWXSTWMRXVEGOW
EKEMRMWSRISJNYWXTYVIYREHYPXIVEXIHNS]ERHLItW
%YRX%FF]NYWXWXEVIWSJJ8IWWtWTVIWIRGIRSXVIKMWXIVMRK
(SRtXXIPPQSQFYX-OMRHEPIXLMQ
-tQWYVI]SY[IVIEKVIEXFMK
'LEVPMIPSSOWEX8IWWLItWKSMRKXSXIPPLIV8LIRLI
'LEVPMINYWXPSSOWEX7EQ,ItWQEHILMWGLSMGIERHLItPP
'LEVPMIKYPTWWGSXGLJVSQXLIKPEWWMRLMWLERH
GSJJII2S[XLEXtWQIWWIHYT
IEVP]QSVRMRKVIKYPEVW'LEVPMItWXLSYKLXWEVIQMPIWE[E]EW
'LEVPMItWWXMPP[EXGLMRKEW8MROERHXLIKVSYTIRXIVXLIGEJI
8IWWGLEWIW&SFS[LStWRS[LIEHMRKXS[EVHXS[R7LItW
8IWWMVVMXEXIHWTIEOWHMVIGXP]MRXS.YPMItWJEGI .YPMI
'LEVPMItWVYWLMRKHS[RXLIWXVIIXPSSOMRKMREPPHMVIGXMSRW
5YIVIRGME]SYHMHRtXGSQIFEGO
XLVSYKLLIV8LIMVJEGIWEVIMRGLIWETEVX8IWWtWZSMGIMW
'LEVPMItW[EPP[MXLMXtWQIXMGYPSYWVSYRHXVMTGLEVXWERH
'PSYHMWTPERRMRKXSXEOILMWPMJI8LIRXLIVItWEORSGO
7EQNYWXPSSOWEX'LEVPMI8LIRFMXXIVP]
'SEWX+YEVHtWTYXXMRKLIVGLERGIW
8MROtWGSQMRKJSVLMQEKEMR'LEVPMIWGVEQFPIWYT8MROtW
8LIFSEXtWTS[IVJYPWIEVGLPMKLXW[IITWERIIVMP]GEPQMRO
8MROtWEXXLI[LIIPEW'LEVPMIQERRMRKXLIWIEVGLPMKLX
GEFMR'LEVPMItWTSVMRKSZIVXLIREYXMGEPQETW[LMPI8MRO
-XtWWXEVXMRKXSWMRO
%WXLIPEWXSJXLIWYRtWPMKLXFEXLIWMXMREQFIV
'037)32'LEVPMItWTYPPSZIVMWWREKKIHSRWSQIFVSOIR
ZMI[SJ8MROtWFSEX3RXLISXLIVWMHIMWXLIMWPERH
'LEVPMIMWEQE^IHERHEFWSPYXIP]SZIVNS]IH
'LEVPMIXYVRWEVSYRHLMWFPSSHVYRWGSPH-XtW*VEJJMI
'LEVPMItWRIEVMRKXLI[SSHWFYXLIWXSTWMRLMWXVEGOWEWLI
'LEVPMIERH8IWWVYWLSYXSJXLIGLYVGL[LIVIXLI]tVITIPXIH
Well, Charley, there’s a feeling that comes over you gettin’ inside a woman whose hands have scalped a congregation.
Naw. Poetry don’t work on whores. EXT. WOODS - GANG CAMP - DAY JESSE takes a heaped bowl from DICK LIDDIL in his gunnysack apron. He lowers himself onto a stump and BOB squats in the dirt at his feet.
Your courage and your daring. I about heard all I want to about sidekicks. You sound like your damn brother.
If I know Jess, there's some real nasty sad-suzie work that's got to be done around here and Bob's the ninny that has to do it.
You’re not supposed to peek, Dick!
I don't want to wheedle the dang news from you, Dick.
You be careful with that iron, Dick. Dick lowers the gun.
Good night. INT. HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT DICK follows WOOD up to the second floor bedroom. INT. HITE HOMESTEAD - BEDROOM - LATER DICK is tucked under the bed sheet. pillow. He rustles and stirs.
I drank too much coffee. He sits up to see WOOD glaring at him from the bunk opposite.
You're acting queer.
Dick Turpin.
You have your head in a hole, Martha?
What on earth did you and Dick get into a fracas about? And he bolts out of bed. pillow and shakes him: Dick!
You're Dick little.
You two having a spat?
It says here Dick surrendered three weeks ago. He glances at BOB with misgivings.
Get on home now, son. Go on! yourself outta my place.
Mulgrew was here.
This is a beautiful wee fella’ you’ve got here. MARK doesn’t look too sure. COLLETTE scoops him up. MULGREW stands.
You want the SAS hiding out in his garden?
MULGREW.
They’re trying to rattle us ‘cos they know we’re winning. If we move now, if we’re bold, we can isolate the Brits once and for all. ANGLE on an IRA hardliner called FOX. He’s another farmer; head of the East Tyrone Brigade.
Stop where you are, you hooligan! Tom, on the sofa, shakes with laughter.
I'm sorry but, "hooligan?"
You're wrong. You want to see perverts? Come down to the station and I'll show you some. They wear stuff, rouge and that, on their faces. And jewellery. It's pathetic. And they have this walk. You can tell them a mile off.
You know what, Marion? I'm beginning to think you have a dirty mind.
Patrick is a homosexual.
No thanks. I’m not being scared out of my own home by a bunch of bloody teenagers.
That’s two GCSEs talkin’ right there...
Actually, I’m doing a zoology module at uni. Mammology, primatology, all of that shit. That thing ain’t down with any taxon I’ve ever studied. RON emerges again, stands beside BREWIS.
He got recruited innit!
I am too high for this shit. JEROME puts on his GLASSES. Looks. POGO can be heard barking in the distance. In response, the shape LEAPS out of sight. Now the horrible sound of POGO being wrestled and
Shit man! We gotta back Moses!
Bangers ain’t gonna do nothing!
Dumb feds left the keys! 54
Moses! Puss ya! I’m gonna get you killed blood? You get me? Watch! Watch! Another HOWL. Further off. Now HI-HATZ is afraid. He retreats. SPRINTS towards what’s left of his CAR. 63
Yeah. National emergency, army on the street, helicopters, all of that 28 Days Later shit. SNAP! The CUFFS break. Now MOSES has two big, steel bracelets. He rubs his wrists.
You swear too much man.
Yeah, you got a potty mouth man.
We ain’t gonna do nothing. For the first time since the mugging, MOSES looks her in the eye.
What’s happenin’ man?
Stop bitchin’, you got a Super Soaker still.
You can’t take two fam.
Fuck that man! I got your back.
If I die, tell my mum I love her. And tell Jerome I did that jump. I ain’t even lying. That was some next superhero shit.
I’m supposed to be at a house party in Fulham. Now it’s like I’m trapped in this bloody block. How about you? I live here.
Fucking funny looking moths. MOSES keeps his back turned. But he’s LISTENING. BREWIS indicates their glow-spattered clothing.
You look niiiice.
Don't be a pussy, Obert. Get writing. Complete the mission.
The great Henry O. Man, you got the gift, bro'. But your head is up your ass over poor, sweet, successful Hannah here.
You've got goddamn three pages.
Butt out Mr. Idea Man.
Wutch you got here, Obert?
Damn straight. Tijuana.
This sucker’ll stop a knife.
Don’t s’pose you want a taste? Gordon looks at Flass, cold. Flass shrugs. Counts his money.
Nothing wise in what you do, Flass.
I’m no rat, Flass.
Oh? What have we here? Nobody reacts. Flass hands the toy back to the Thug.
What do you want, Flass? Flass, leaning on his car, feigns offence. Pulls a pint bottle from his pocket.
Cut to it, Flass.
Flass knows.
Like shit.  Now that we're all caught up, how about a drink?
Yeah.  Some plumbing, painting and shit.
Oh no.  Shit.  I didn't know he would call you.  God, you must think |I'm a total nuisance.
No shit.  Bianchinni hired you?  You know he's a good friend of mine. |Family, really.
Goddammit, look at this shirt!  It's ruined!
It started when Shelly took us to the money.  I tell you, Mickey Malnato knows his shit, he does.  Shelly takes us right there.
And all I can think is how the fuck did he do this when - Bang!  Johnnie caps him.  Blood sprays everywhere, all over the money.  We've no idea if this is even all of it.
I told them to run it through the cycles.  But I guess Gino has plans for it because he's coming here tomorrow night to pick this shit up.
Every job like this has moments where things don't go so well and everyone starts thinking about their own ass. It's in those moments that everything comes together or falls apart.
No, Johnnie.  No goddamned phones. Not now.
Caesar, stop acting like an asshole and think --
Shut up, Violet.
Shit, Mick, come on in, let me get you a drink.  Sit down, Lou.
That fucking Shelly.  I gotta hand it to the guy, but Jesus, if I were him I would have bailed a long time ago.  I mean, how much money does a man need?
Holy shit, I don't believe it!  We've been going crazy over here, Gino!
Goddammit, Violet!  Stop!  Now!
That’s the thing about the libs. They live in a fantasy world.
I’d say we could use some global warming right about now. On the way here, I nearly froze off my Dicktaphone.
I’m sorry. Getting old ain’t for sissies, as Bette Davis said.
There’s something dreary and sad in here. And it smells. I wonder what it must be like to be a sheep, to spend one’s entire life in this miserable, smelly place, doing nothing. Eating. Shitting. Sleeping. Over and over.
They’re always chewing like that. It’s their cud.
What’s cud?
Not very much fun. But shit happens, as they say. I hear a buzzing in my ears, is what. Well, not a buzzing. More of a hiss. Well, more of a whisper. Oh no.
No! Not to the fucking farmhouse. To my house, Jake! To my house! Ok, ok.
Jesus, Jake. C’mon. She sighs, opens the car door, exits, closes the door, immediately realizes, tries the door, it’s locked behind her. Shit.
Get away from me.
The dwarf leader, Beith glowers.
Come on, Beith! Is this how you treat a friend? The dwarf leader, BEITH, glowers.
Pull the other one, you lying dangler.
What are you pribbling at, longshanks?!
I feel funny. Queer almost.
Queer. Since when?
What use is gold if you're dangling by your bony neck, you jackdaw?!Don't let that goddamn Joe Aguirre send you up to Brokeback without no thirtyought. There's coyotes and coyotes up there, they'll eat your damn sheep and your damn jackass, too. With a thirtyought, you might hold your own. ENNIS, surprised
Why, that ain't hardly in Wyoming, that's nearly to Utah. You ain't a damn Mormon, are you?
If you pair a deuces are lookin' for work, I suggest you get your asses in here, pronto. ENNIS picks up his grocery
takes a swig.
I'm commutin' four hours a day. Corre in for breakfast, go back to the sheep, evenin' get 'em bedded down, come in for supper, go back to the sheep, spend half the night checkin' for damn coyotes. {gets a second beer, opens it) Aguirre got no right a make me do this. ENNIS is
Happy to switch, but give can't cook worth a shit.
Shot a coyote, big son of a bitch, on him size a apples. Looked like could eat a camel.
Got me a yea:- a high school before the transmission went on the oickuo. Hv sis left, married a roughneck~ moved to· Casper. Me a:id my brother got work on a ranch up near Worland. He got m=ried last month, no room for me. That's how come me to end up here. Silence. JACK looks
stagger back and fall on his ass.
just a SKIKNY KID on a bike being blown around by the wi:id, and TWO OLD WOMENpulling their grocery carts .
rag9ed cowboys,
he somebody you cowboy'ed
What if you and me had _a little ranch together, little cow and calf operation, it'd be some sweet life. Shit, Lureen's old mar., you bet he'd give me a down payment if I'd get lost. Already more or less said it .... 1
Sky's so deep, a fella lool:in' up.
doesn't mind, makes the most of the moment, enjoys herself, shaking the funk out of her ass, letting her hair fly.
Hy boss's got a little cabin down on Lake Kemp. Got a crappie house ... little boat.
Get lepto drinl:in' that.
I kinda got a thing goin' with a little Ranch hand's gal over in Childress. wife. Expect to get shot by Lureen or the husband one, ever' time I slip off to see her.
foolin'.
all them thincs
never get. You somethin'
E1:nis, you ai.n 't r:o tourist, what are lookin' for, ::-ootin' through them postcards?
Whadaya got on the top of your head?
Whaddaya want from me?
Stupid electrical wiring. Those damn old houses weren't built for modern wiring.
Yeah, don't go acting like a punk.
The Irish way. Get a city job, work hard, have forty kids, retire on a crap pension in the same house you lived in all your life.
Wow. You must get your butt kicked?
My dad thinks they play too much golf. And they charge like assholes.
Cause they need discipline.
Yeah, he was an asshole, but I respected him. And looking back, he did a great job.
I'm gonna work my ass off, Dad. I'm not going to be some pot smoking, sleep 'till noon college slacker. I'm gonna do it right.Jesus. The Brits actually got a man into the construction shed?
He gets to raggin you too bad, kid, you can always ask him about Pavarattt.. Jones sinks into his chair. Beaumont grins. Sea story coming. From the look on Jones' face, it promises to be a good one:
I have a theory, seaman Beaumont. I believe the CO B Is like a black widow, spider. After he has sex with a magazine, he eats it. Beaumont HOWLS. The COB turns pink.
!re not gonna believe this.
We can't wait any Unger!
They can't maneuver with the goddam DSRV stuck to them.
in the Conn, it's a deathwatch. Ryan thinks of Sally. Mancuso stares at Ramius. Goddamned if he's gonna be the one to whine.
Damn.
This is Dick.
The Multimixer fella.
Dick McDonald. My brother. Kroc grabs Dick’s hand, enthusiastically shakes.
If it makes any difference, they’re the best fries I’ve ever tasted. Crispy golden brown on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Not too oily, perfectly salty and crunchy. Dick looks at Ray, taking note of him for the first time.
This is that Multimixer fella you spoke to.
I’m gonna shoot straight with you fellas. This restaurant is the most remarkable thing I’ve seen in all my years in the food-service industry. And believe you me, I’ve seen it all. I want to know everything about it. Where it came from, how you thought of it.
Meanwhile, one town over is San Bernardino, the place is growing at a terrific clip. We want to relocate, but we’ve got no money for a new stand. That’s when my brother here gets one of his brilliant ideas. Tell him, Dick. Dick throws Mac a “That’s okay, you tell him” nod.
We move the building, set up shop. But before we open, we decide to give the place a little tweak. It’s 1940. Drive-ins are all the rage, the hottest thing going. I say Dick, we gotta get in on this. Dick says sure.
Hot rodders and hooligans. Juvenile delinquents in blue jeans. Kroc nods, all too familiar.
We decide to tear down the kitchen. Rebuild. Reconfigure. Rethink the whole dang thing. And you’re gonna love how we do it. Tell him, Dick.
Most of them just cuss us out and drive off. The few that stick around are mad as heck about having to eat off paper and discard their own trash.
That’s pure Dick magic right there. Dick’s gaze is still on the arches, clearly proud.
All I’ve done is support you! I’ve had your back through thick and thin, through one cockamamie idea after another. The wax cups, the Fold-A-Nook, the Multi-Mixer, on and on, every last one. And you have the nerve to say I don’t support you?
Dick McDonald, please.
It’s your dream, Dick.
We draw up a contract. Lay it out, clear as day in black and white. ON DICK-- pondering. Seemingly warming to the idea.
I just spoke to Dick. He says they’re working on it.
I understand. But you have to understand, it’s our name on that building. God forbid the floor caves in and people get hurt or worse because of some design flaw we missed, we’re the ones on the hook. So let’s just slow down a minute and make sure it’s done the right way. Alright? ON KROC-- pondering Dick’s words of reason.
It’s all bluster, Dick. His bark is worse than his bite.
And the filth. The kitchen looked like some sort of Manchurian slum.
Making a living. ON KROC-- taking in the hungry young go-getter. It’s not hard to read his mind. This is just the sort of fella I need.
I’ve been busting my hump for you boys.
We have a contract, Dick. For just this sort of thing.
I’m sorry, Dick.
The restaurant is closed. Dick is on the front-counter phone.
Have you heard of the Franchise Realty Corporation? Mac turns, sees Dick holding the letter.
Hello, Dick. How are you?
DICK MCDONALD
No one knew it had anything to do with McDonald’s. INT. SAN BERNARDINO - CONTINUOUS Dick on the other end. Mac there, too.
Would you like to know what I came up with? I’ll tell you, Mac. I came up with a concept. A highly novel concept called winning. You boys are content to sit back and be a couple of also-rans. To let the future run roughshod over you. Me, I want to take the future. I want to win. And you don’t get there by being some aw-shucks, nice-guy sap. There’s no place in business for people like that. Business is war. It’s rat eat rat, dog eat dog. If my competitor was drowning, I’d reach out and stick a goddamn hose in his mouth. Can you say the same?
Hiya, Dick. On the other end is Dick, in the KITCHEN in San Bernardino.
Hello, Dick. ON DICK-- gazing searchingly at Kroc.
Compare that to, oh, say, Kroc. Now there’s a real lemon. Kroc. What a crock. Load of crock. Crock of shit. Would you eat at a place called Kroc’s? It’s enough to make you lose your appetite, a blunt, Slavic thing like that. But McDonald’s, now that’s a name. A fine, handsome, all-American name. That’s a winner’s name, the name of somebody who’s got the world by the tail. A man named McDonald is never going to get pushed around in life.
you tor the 1ast tioe --
It's a caffeine kinda night fellas. Eyes open.
Don Luis. Let's cut to the chase here, OK? When the Agency extracted your ass from Colombia fifteen years ago, and set you up here, we let you resume your business when what we should have done was lock you up for life. In exchange, you were supposed to keep the information flowing.
I watch your ass. Each and every job, I vet, I double vet. For every one I book you, I turn down five, ten. I promised to keep you safe. I KEEP YOU SAFE. Cataleya. It's a full time job, no matter what you think. Those pictures...they freaked me out. OK? I didn't realize...
Willie you are such a perv.
Dude, you're in love.
Where the hell did she go?
Anyway Dicky got a hold of this skunk, he trapped animals and all, and I said, let'a put it in the school heating system. You talk about stink. We had recess for a week. Naturally yours truly got called to the principal'& office. Norwood Buzzbee, that was his name, we called him Buzzbomb. And Buzzbomb gets me in there and says he'll tell Daddy that me and Dicky go parking and all this. And I say, go ahead and tell. I just looked at him and he didn't do one damn thing to me. Didn't even tell Daddy. 'Course somebody else did.
I think he was queer.
Yeah, but when you do, one-third of the cooties is mine. A smile between DOLLY and DREW.
Everyone shakes his head.
Haul ass, you guys.
I just want to bring you up to date. Some of you weren't here last time, and some of you who were here last time aren't here this time, that's for damn sure.
Why'd you quit? He looks at her.
is a general pain in the ass.
I nailed his ass.
They never grow-up, lady. They just get tubby. Me, I've always had ample proportions. But it's all muscle -- I'm hard as a rock. I'm not on of these cream puff sit-behind-a desk private dicks; I'm an assnailer
I know that sounds rough but I'm about to close on a deal to develop some mini-malls, and I'm mortgaged up to my ass. If this deal goes south, I'm ruined -- I'll lose millions.
In the words of my Private Investigator, we're going to nail his ass.
I like my women with two boobs.
You fascinate me.
Spoons! Honestly Wrigley, I'm surprised at you. What is this? Some Martha Stewart suggestion? Those are the most cockamamie things I've ever --
Get me Marylin Rexroth Doyle.
..if I reckon I could find someone to keel him his wife.
That is bullshit! Mine is a bitch and yours is a psycho. I can't believe you're saying this, Marylin! There's nothing wrong with us. We're attractive and charismatic and successful and... I like us.
You brought a pre-nup to our wedding?
But my brother got you. He got you, you slimeball.
I have no idea what Howard Doyle eats. I'm not a damn dietician.
You're calling me a pestilence? That's a hoot!
Sorry, Mr. Massey. Thought you cleared that shit out.
Naw...that ain't shit...that's a German lens.
Michael, nobody's out to screw you, I guarrantee that.
kissed her.
$3,000. Shit! Can we hold it at $3,000?
Hot as hell...You're not the only one going through Hell kid.
Keep your mouth shut.
Hey, c'mon - no bullshit - friends.
You got some mouth!
What're ya hollering? You got your money.
Whatever.
Mind your own business.
Look fella...this is private...
Please tell me what a vagina-ring is.
You’re such a nerd - I love it.
Okay, I’ll get some new ones, so you guys dating anybody? I’m not. Can I confide something to you guys? I can’t get laid cannot close. I don’t know what it is. There’s something about the women in this town...
You can give women that lesbian experience they are so craving.
Bobby, I want you to say the word “man” less. My name’s Don, not Don man. Unless one’s a superhero, there’s no reason to put the word “man” after a name. You don’t hear me calling you fucked-up idiot man - do you? When you become a superhero, I’ll tack the “man” on.
He’s good friends with Paul Foggini, who has a really big cock.
Speaking of guys with huuuuge cocks who you wouldn’t expect to have a huuuuge cock, you know who has a huuuuge cock? Jack Hartog.
Asshole. Nah, perfect. He’s cute.
Hey dog, dog, over here, here... Don does the gesture. Asshole.
These fellahs? Fuck ‘em. You know what the difference between L.A. and New York is? In N.Y., if you squint, you can think you’re in an elegant place, when in fact it’s a city of slobs costumed like non-slobs. L.A., it’s like the circus never leaves town. You’re allowed to be an asshole here-Hey.
We’ve been listening to you talk for what seems like an hour now - “New York this, L.A. is full of assholes”. You like to talk, don’t you? Yes I do.
That guy over there has a big cock.
Pete, please behave, the checks cleared, didn’t they? This ain’t no party, this ain’t no disco. Always remember, slap a quick F on art, you got fart, baby.
This really wasn’t supposed to happen. You get old one day. Old like when you were a kid you never thought you would. So you rise to the occasion, you realize stuff like parents die, you have to make a living now. Then people get married you realize you’re old enough to get married - unbelievable. Kids come, you can even afford to have them, there’s a wife there to go with them, why not, the way it’s supposed to be, I’m old enough to be doing this. Rise to the occasion. We’re adults. We know some personal tragedy could pop up now, divorces, death -- but not people you love going to jail for rape and murder - that never occurs to you as a possibility - that’s not on the list of shit that may happen. Silence.
Neil! Would it kill you to get off your butt and answer the door?
Can you stop being a mob for just one minute?!
No, does it look like any of them are trying to hurt you? They're just people. At least they used to be. Just stupid people who should have known better. Norman looks at the line of Puritans. They look quite sad and pathetic really. Hardly monstrous at all.
Damn.
The DOCTORstarts secretary.
Whaddyawant,
breasts
Listen, Cabbie, you hear from her, you call us! You don't, you're a dead man. Understand? The COJJS throw HARRYback down on the bed and follow SERGEANTout.
C'mon pal, she took off. kno~ whe~e she went.
Oh shit Suddenly~ he explodes into green bridge and start to melt it.
. The BARBARIANLEADER·sits on a throne in this Rom"im·decadent. styie room," surrounded by other barbarians.You just about cleaned everybody, fella -- I don't think you lost since you got the deal.
You're what's too much, fella -whatever it is you're doin~. You're one helluva cardplayer,, and I know, because I'm one helluva cardplayer, and I caii'it even soot how you're cheating.
stllIDANCE
Yqu ever going to make an honest woman of me, Butch? There aren•t the day.
moving away with the blonde. BUTCH
never any money, Butch? CUT TO:
You're a romantic bastard; give you that.
in her brothel,
Bring me Sweetface. CUT TO:
that moves and moves across the main floor of the brothel No one 18 ever still -- Butch and Sundance to the stairs. make their steady w,ay to the stairs throughout the shot, and the rest of the activity spina around them. Sundance, who has come running up: to a bartender
while this damn boots
across to . throwing the door ot the room open, tearing the window, and as Butch joins him -- ZOOMTO Sweetface, by the Superposse. As they draw their guns, surrounded without a second's pause, he points dead at the window where Butch and Sundance are hiding, and as he does CUT TO:
Stl'NDANCE
For a gumnan you're one helluva pessimist.
in the business we old Ray Bledsoe alone'
BUTCHANDSUNDANCE
But whoever he is, he sure the hell is somebody.
Sundance looks at Butch, Butch just stands there,
. jumpy as hell -- reading, first more or less to himself making sure he ' s got it right , then cut l cud.
covering Butch while be barks
BUTCHANDSUNDANCE
He•s waiting for us right? Well, let him -- we'll drive him crazy -- we 1 11 outlast the bastard -- we•ll go straight! And on the word "straight"
Whatever.
Can you believe there used to be a limit on quail? Goddamn things are like locust now.
'1L9 6O/6Z/O1 )Nld 9XOSI
'SEL 60/6Z/01 XNId JXOSI
Let's get our shit together. We got a mission.
What's your MOS?
No shit? 84 Charlie. Gotta be better'n 11 Bravo. MoPic? What's that stand for? Like Motown?
Roger that shit.
That stateside Mickey Mouse shit don't cut it here, sir. This is Charlie's game, his rules. We learned how to play it, that's why we're out here.
You still pissed at OD?
You don't fuck with OD, he's a walking razor blade. You only take a run at him if you're thinking about suicide. One tough dude.
OD's a righteous dude. He was just telling you to be quiet. Like "sshh".
I wouldn't shit you, Hammer, you're my favorite turd.
Only trouble is, Easy can't shoot as straight as I can piss.
One year minus 28, 27 days. I worked RTO for a line company first, then with Forward Observers. I love my Prick 25.
FO's don't have much of a life expectancy here. Don't even come with warranties. I lost eight in six months. Three dead, two went home all messed up, lost track of the rest. That's the real bummer over here. When your buddies get hit, not zapped, but wounded bad, Medevaced and gone, you don't know if they die, or what... People you were real close to, sort of gone into the Twilight Zone...
You know why shit's tapered at the ends?
Did I tell you I was a drummer back in the Real World? Lead vocals, too. Boy, did we ever do some dope when we were on the road. Stayed all fucked up. But nothing like the Nam.
Werewolf, this is Devil Dog Three. We're in deep shit here. Help us! Please!
I have a lot of dead men in here. Plenty of room for more. Maybe even room for one smartass lieutenant.
So you train yourself to wake with a rolling motion, providing the enemy with a low silhouette and, thusly, a minimal target. You sleep with your weapon in the same position every night, to the right or left of you depending on your preference, so when the shit hits...
Work was worse, no fun there. Me and a couple buddies joined together. Army said they'd keep us together. That lasted through Basic. One's in Germany now, freezing his balls off. Glenn's somewhere with the First Cav, Engineers. lucky fucker.
I got a hundred stories... scary. Took a round in my helmet once, cut a groove in my hair. Weird shit.
Got to be a pain in the ass. Dudes hanging close like it would rub off. Boonie voodoo. People get strange in the bush, believe all sorts of things. Lucky scarves, bibles over their hearts, some ain't ever been to church. Baldwin's luck. The Company, the whole Brigade talked about it. We get mortared, dudes stick around me like a steel umbrella.
And they get perforated. Chuck's got his shit together.
Okay, let's get you hoodlums off the streets for the night.
VW Beetle. Stick. El Tee, you got hair on your ass.
Like a stripe-ed assed zebra.
Nah, I'm a fucking US. Worked for my old man. Couldn't cut that nine to five Mickey Mouse shit. Rammed around. I'm from a small town, but me and my buddies own it. Nobody gives a shit. We get a little static from the Sheriff, but just little shit.
You're a hard corps dude.
He's been in since Christ was a corporal.
Yeah, been in six years. I come from South Carolina. Up north they call us hillbillies, but we ain't. Dictionary defines hillbilly as a Michigan farmer. We're white trash, dirt poor, big family. I got four kids myself, two boys, two girls
My daddy was the best cabinetmaker you ever saw. Didn't get a lot of work 'cause of his hands, arthritis twisted them up, but whenever he made something, a cabinet, a three- legged stool, it was the best goddamn three-legged stool he could make. He taught the same to me. You do your job the best you can, no matter you like it or not.
So, El Tee, why you being such a hard ass on us? We're just some regular assholes trying to do a dirty job.
Sergeant Rock, my ass.
Or who you blow.
That dude wandering around, the VC guide. People seem to listen to him. I think the dude's got his shit together. Lotta men down there, OD.
Most grunts spend a whole year getting shot at and shit on and never see Chuck. You got one to take home.
Bet I get me a hundred bucks apiece for these from some raggedy assed chairborne commando.
Cover me, Cracker.
You're one dinky dau ditty bopper.
What kind of job you gonna get us in the rear, OD?
Got muscles in my shit.
Last time I was in the rear I called home on the MARS line. Got the wife on the horn, she didn't believe it was me calling from the Nam. After we talked about that we didn't have shit to say to each other. Dead silence. Not word one.
Gonna be a beaut of a scar.
Yeah, no shit. Like Cracker says... said... if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly.
Keep an eye out. Chuck's crowding our ass.
Don't sweat it, El Tee. Hell, what you want to do, live forever?
I fucking love New York. Don't you? Yeah.
Man I’ve got a minute before he pisses the bed. Charlie jumps up. I got it.
Tom called in to check on you. I cannot get over how cute Vanessa is. She looks at Amy queerly.
Oh, divven’t hoy me that ket, you sackless mairks. The publishers exchange glances.
I know whereof I speak, Kate. Debt is — an ogre. If you’re not careful it can eat you up. Beat.
“The law is an ass.” I believe you wrote that.
Come on now, Grip. Back in your cage, old chap. Father?
Leech? He’s so prickly. And by no means the cheapest—
You can’t save every child in London.
“She's a big lass, she's a bonny lass, an she likes her beer An I call her Cushie Butterfield an I wish she was here.”
You see me here, you gods, a poor old man— No. Stop.
The recording ends.
Where the hell were you?
We’ll start with the state troopers, and the DA’s office, light a fire under their asses, make sure the case is being prosecuted professionally. Then you should think about a civil suit.
If your kid’s chicken get him outta here. Dwight throws him a look, then leads Lou away. The jock makes chicken noises. Lou looks to Dwight.
Fuck. Then: up ahead, in the lone beam of light, we see a SIGN
Mystery Pisser. Cool name.
-- he’s kind of the mascot for the guys’ band. Mystery Pisser.
Cock a doodle doo. Exactly.
Your girlfriend’s a nut.
They are such snobs.
Oh shut up.
Not everybody likes pecan. Matt and Mike turn up in the kitchen. They’re both wearing jeans and T-shirts. Both T-shirts have the name of the band on it, “Mystery Pisser.”
He stands. INT. SAME SCENE - A MINUTE LATER Bryce sticks a CD in Rick’s elaborate stereo system, hits play and cranks up the volume. BLASTING INTO THE ROOM: Matt and Mike’s music. Lynetta starts dancing and singing along to a Mystery Pisser song. Everyone listens to the song, and Lynetta goes wild, dancing. The song ends. Lynetta grins at everyone and punches the CD out of the stereo.
Total respect, man.
Complete jerk.
He watches her go.Prescotts never give up!
Whatchu doin’?
Goddamned if I know, Margaret.
You naughty thing...
Who's talking cheap? I'll make him a goddamn partner if I have to! I want the inside dope on the real Superman! Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team?
As in "moron"? No, Otis, N, as in nitwit, nincompoop, Neanderthal... OTIS begins to push the rolling ladder along the wall.
These two guys right here.
They gave us Jim Crow officers, like that knucklehead. But we refused to continue, until they replaced him with somebody good.
Yeah, let’s go deal with this uniform shit. CUT TO: BURT, HAROLD, MILTON PUT ON BLUE FRENCH UNIFORMS.
Harold, what the hell are you doing?
Bill Meekins was a graham cracker of a man. Not a mean bone in his body.
Who in the hell has done all of the bleeding for this country and this law and CONSTITUTION but YOU fellas! THE NEWSREEL STICKS IN THE PROJECTOR, CELLULOID BURNS ON THE STUCK FRAME OF DILLENBECK WITH HIS ARM IN THE AIR.
Absolutely not. You can’t drive, you one-eyed nut. Harold throws the car keys to the Valet. Harold, and Valerie walk into the hotel followed by Burt.
nut!
gotta deal with this shit all day. You go to that counter there and you pick yourself out a sandwich or a cold drink or maybe both and then I'll treat you like a customer.
Australian.
given those Abo kids
lyin'.
You O.K.?
You're full of shit, Frank Cotton. My Dad wasn't like that at all. He could feel. He could love. He loved ME.
Faster, you bastard, faster!
Well, I reckon what you're a wanting to know is what I'm doing in here. I reckon the reason I'm in here is cause I killed somebody. But I reckon what you was a wanting to know is how come me to kill somebody. Well, I reckon I'll start at the front and tell you.
I don't reckon I got no reason to kill nobody.
Give me the big'uns.
How does a feller go about gettin' up to the state hospital?
Why, hell no, son. What's wrong with you?
Well, he's crazy. He's a nut ain't he?
Didn't you go to sleep at all, Karl? You been sittin' there like that all night?
Well, I ain't scared of him workin' here. You know me. I'm a church goin' man. Forgivin' man. When your time's up the Lord's gonna come git you. You scared of him, Scooter?
There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, "Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah, and it's deep too."
Why did he do that, reckon.
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
I heard you was more than friends. I heard Dick Rivers caught y'all all bowed up and goin' at it in the same room with poor, little, old Mizz Ogletree and her dead as a doornail layed out on a gurney.
Goddamnit, I'm talkin' to the man. You set right there, Karl.
Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
What have you got to be nervous about? You're a damn kid. You ain't got any bills to pay or bidness to run or old lady to stay on your ass all the time.
Have a damn party! Call Morris and them and get the band together and just party our asses off. I'd like to show that fuckin' Karl to the guys. They'd get a kick out of that. Don't you know they would.
Hey Freddy, what's goin' on boy. I seen your pitcher in the paper for catchin' that big-ass bass.
Yeah she was a big 'un. You ain't drunk drivin' are you Doyle?
You go to bed and take snot nose with you.
But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves French fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
Goddamnit, Scooter, come on. Pardon my language, ma'am.
Oh, jackin' off?
Well, whoever you are, you ought to talk some sense into him. That little old girl is way too fast for him and don't wanna see him no way.
You seem like yore tails a'draggin' a might. You got somethin' wrong with ye?
I ain't got no boy.
I ain't got no boy.
Little feller.
What are you doin' with that damn hammer?
Don't hit that boy no more.
What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
You have to Karl. You have to look out for me. You don't let that son of a bitch run you off.
That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
Where's ever'body else? You seen 'em?
Oh, my god. Soul Cycle? My sister does that and her ass is like two little coconuts. Do you love it?
You’re Jewish.
I know you’re technically just my step uncle and aunt, but I feel closer to you guys than everyone else in the family. You guys get it. Everyone else is on me all the time to get my shit together. Like I’m some sort of drop-out or something. Pause.
Oh, shit. Sorry. I got it.
I’m not anti anybody.
I think he’s attractive in a kind of fucked-up-character-in-a-SamShepard-play way. Broken, but hot.
Yes, of course, you can do that, but as your editor and friend, I don’t advise it. It’s just not worth it. I’ve been through this a hundred times. They’ll pretend to “consult” and maybe they’ll tweak the font to placate you. But they won’t really change it. And then you’ll become known as “a difficult author.” Or, more likely -- because you’re a woman -- just a fucking bitch. If I thought this cover was going to kill your book, I’d tell you. They’re casting a wider net. They want people to buy it. That’s a good thing. Liz hugs Rachel goodbye and disappears into the building. Rachel stands there, looking lost. INT. RICHARD AND RACHEL’S APARTMENT -
Little blonde angle.
He's a pain in the ass.
You little stinker. He's given you everything.
You poor, poor man.
Think white and get serious.
Yes. I'm going to give my queer neighbor a lift to Baltimore.
Write me a note and ain't she sweet. I need a hand and where'd she go.
What are you talking about? You got real problems.
Especially not my landlord's nasty young wife.
Vern -- last night 90 pages just wrote themselves! I totally chucked the novel I pitched them --I suddenly SAW, Vern, how this whole societal economic class struggle -- and its solution -- didn't have to be futuristic or fictional -- it was actually ACHIEVABLE here, in our lifetime -- and I could just lay it out, like, like a manifesto, or something, like Mein Kampf except not by a crazy racist fuck!
I don't know who you are, Eddie, or what your game is, but I'm sure of one thing: you don't work in this business. I'm up to my ass in investment guys, and you don't have their half-cocky, half-terrified line of bullshit. Which is not to say I like yours any better.
All right. You get your shot. Come to my office, tomorrow at ten, and tell me just exactly how the schmuck who needs the ride would re- structure this deal.
Yeah. And they eventually got their asses kicked.
Oh, Eddie... you jerk.
But once you can see everything that way, mapped out like that, on a grid... and always be right...? Who'd want to wing it? Who'd want to fuck up? Who'd want to be human?
I'll open a line of credit for you. Even a tough nut like you's going to want a few toys.
You’ve gone mad!
Don't be shitty.
Don't I put food on you're table? I sponsor your training, I take care of your girl and her little baby. I even pay that deadbeat friend of yours to push a goddamn broom.
Ricky! Bobby! Cut that shit out!
We're not delivering shit. Ruiz is delivering something, and whatever it is is his business.
Here, sweety. Don't be a little shit.
Ho's a good guy-
Jesus, man. Plus ten?
But let me tell you, man, I don't like your attitude already.
We just got moved up in the world. You gotta let go of that blue collar mentality that was drummed into your head. You gotta start owning it man, or they'll smell you a mile away like a cheap suit.
We're here representing Max. You're acting like a Puerto Rican on the fifteenth of the month.
Hello? Shit...
Missing what? He didn't say shit.
It's bad. Before you even showed up, he said you were Maxie's 'token goons', and not to be trusted. He wanted to TCB alone. I was gonna ride shotgun to keep the English dude above board. Now he's spooked. This shit's snowballing.
If they're whacking you, they're doing it in style.
You'll love them. So here's the plan. I didn't say shit to Maxie, cause the man has acute angina, and I don't want to get him all worked up.
Shut it, man. Shut it. Tom is a square. He don't but dabble in shit. Maxie had me hook up a loan-back with him, through an Austrian passbook account.
This Welsh dude is tripping on Ruiz cause he's a Shot Caller.
Ricky. I'm trying to save this money. Understand? I'm trying to make it so my girlfriend doesn't have to grind her ass into other men's erections so her daughter can go to private school.
Nah, see, Maxie just asked him to set that shit up as a favor. He, you know, he tied in with the club. Set us up so, you know, you feel at home.
You guys are the fucking best.  I swear, I didn't know about this whole thing, but you guys are okay.
Ow, shit...
Fuck, that's good shit. So, what's say we make a go of this and you drop off the cash tomorrow?
Tell you the truth, I don't give a shit for me. But that little girl is so special, and you're gonna fuck her up.When I was in medical school there was a guy who came in -- swallowed a size C battery. He said he felt he was running out of energy. Somehow he choked down one of those Duracells. Crazy, right? By the time he got to the ER it was leaking in his small intestine. There was actual electrical current going from anode to soft tissue to cathode. He died. The gangbanger nods.
He’s mecha!
Can a girl be a bastard, anyway?
What's the female of Bastard?
Women's cuming!
Pluto 'n Mars, 'proachin' home twenty. Don't pop us.
You got yer ears on, Mer'cry?
My ass. You're scared shitless. You haven't had that canon out of your hand since I got back this afternoon -- what do you expect me to do, go out and find Shanti by radar?
You goin' soft.
I ain't got no radidio, Pa Pa. callin' from the inner picket.
Come in, dammit.
THERE'S A MOMENT'S PAUSE.
You sonuvabitch! You piece of shit! I killed you buddy, I kill you! I eat your heart, piss dog! Puke eater! I strangle you with you own guts! "THE BEAST" LAYS DOWN, HEAD ON THE GROUND POINTED LIKE A TORPEDO AT PLUTO, AND GIVES HIS TAIL A WAG. IT'S AS IF HE'S GIVING PLUTO THE FINGER. PLUTO LURCHES AT THE BIG DOG. "THE BEAST" GETS UP LAZILY AND MOVES AWAY. PLUTO STUMBLES AND FALLS. THE DOG STOPS, TURNS BACK TO THE YOUNG MAN AND
A TERRIFIC FIGHT ENSUES, FOR MARS SELECTS TO MAKE DOUG HIS PRIZE AND WARNS THE OTHERS AWAY. TO THE SURPRISE OF ALL OF US, DOUG BEATS THE LIVING SHIT OUT OF MARS, IN THE COURSE OF A TWO OR THREE MINUTE BATTLE OFYou know it. I'm gonna bang all sorts of chicks this weekend!
You look gay and you smell like a basket of fancy soaps. Advantage me.
Metrosexual.
In a few years, when I'm dying of an exotic disease that causes my penis to bleed until it falls off, someone remember to tell the hospital to check out the filthy crapper at the Albany Rest Stop. It's the AIDS monkey of toilets. The guys put down their sandwiches.
I don't know how you're doing it, man. I mean, Laurie's hot, don't get me wrong.
Assuming I got laid when I was zero.
Fuck yeah it is! We're gonna ski the trail and bone some tail!
This guy's a dick.
It means black dudes ski.
Black dudes don't ski.
-- A surfing MAX HEADROOM with a CAN OF COKE and the tag: "Catch the Wave!" -- A bull terrier named SPUDS MCKENZIE parking with some HOT BABES and a shitload of BUD LIGHT.
You guys a couple of spazzes?
Spazzes?
You show me you're not spazzes.
Genius! Man, not to get all fag on you, but I'm digging your fresh threads, bro. Adam and Blaine look equally confused with what's going on. Jacob takes the compliment well, like he deserves it.
Fellas, we are not making progress and we're losing time.
Who the hell are you dweebs?! Lou is up IN A FLASH. He IMMEDIATELY DECKS THE GUY OUT COLD and PUMMELS HIM on the floor! The others pull him off.
Gentlemen, it's fucking 1987. Nixon's in the White House, gas is free, and we're about to put a man on the moon!
I know. He made me borrow Tad's video camera. He wants to document the performance and sue the band for infringement when we get back. Adam sees Tad and Chaz behaving like cocks across the room, making hot girls drink too much.
She probably has a hairy vagina.
Who's ready to get laid by an awesome penis?!
Guys! I refuse to accept that we're stuck in 1987! Maybe you're loving it, Lou. But you don't get it. Nick's insane, Jacob's become a bigger douche than before, and I need to get back for my goddamn rehearsal dinner? Which is tomorrow!
You slip it to a chick who won't go to third. Give it an hour and you'll be rounding home.
I don't give a shit about hair.
That chick blew you?!
You did it, man.
You don't wanna know.
Pretty much nothing for us personally. We just get cooler phones and iPods and shit.
Sarg, you know this asshole?
Talk to her, man. For real.
The truth is, I'm not sure you're the right person for this job. It could be a total disaster. On the other hand, when one friend sees another friend stagnating in his own filth, he has to do something, right?
what, two days? Shit, man. Easy as pie.
Hey. A grown woman outta know how to swim.
Oh yeah, dude. She hates you.
Dirty fighter.
And I was slumming.
Why on earth would I have credited you? I worked my ass off for that story.
Jesus Christ, where the hell are ya, Niagara Falls?
Why the hell not?
So what the hell is "Sparrow"?
Aw. That's what all the dirty cops say.
This... is two men freezing their asses off.
Not usually accused of being a bullshitter.
Everyone’s going nuts up top. Supe sent me looking for you.
I sold 26 of the ugliest cars ever made one December, in Chicago, with wind blowing so hard up my ass I was farting snow flakes in July so don't tell me we can't do this.
They might. He's inviting everyone who has a story about him to come. You could tell about him kicking your ass, Carl. Carl looks at Frank as if he wants to cold cock him.
Is it just me or is he extremely fucking articulate when he wants to be?
Well if Bush wants him, by God, Bush is gonna get him.
Stay out of her way today, partner.
There's white folks here?!
Damn straight!
Where the hell's Yaffe?
All of a sudden, playing golf and pushin' papers isn't good enough. Damn, when I'm his age, that's all I'm gonna want to do. Gillespie flips a coin, covers it over his wrist. Heads.
How-are-you-today-Doctor-Gillespie? Piss ass good.
Colonel, the Pentagon's biting my ass cause we're months behind on the Anthrax studies. Get 'em finished. Take the heat off me.
You stupid fucking monkey! Why'dya wanna go and do that? He shoves the cage further away. Then he sees it - a small cut on his hand, caused by a couple of wire protrusions on the cage. He rubs the blood off on his shirt. The Nissan roars down the road. CUT TO: EXTREME CLOSEUP - TISSUE CULTURE - THROUGH ELECTRON
We don't live in the African bush. We don't crap in our streets, we don't drink dirty well water filled with spit. The disease will be stopped.
You don't obey orders, Gillespie. You're the last person I'd send.
Bonneville's only five miles from the Columbia River and if this mother gets there, we're in big shit trouble. CUT TO: EXT/INT. C5A Flying in heavey weather. COMPUTER KEYS POUND:
You bet your ass, Captain. Colonel Gillespie has taken it upon himself to circumvent the entire chain of command. The plane bounces in the turbulence. Gillespie.
We don't have it, goddamn it. But if we stay here, we'll get it.
Den mother, this is Naked Zulu. Going to decon.
You dodohead.
Gillespie clicks off the phone.
Where the hell did it go? CUT TO:
I’m going to laugh at you, George cos you’re being bloody silly. George is crying.
Resident nutcase?
What happened to me...? Where the hell've you been?
Awww...                         Poor tummy...
Both of us know he'd been doin' some drinkin' today. But we also know he's not at fault here. That old beater cut right in front him.
What happened to me...? Where the hell've you been?
Awww...                           Poor tummy...
I don't think I know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Nobody ever got laid by going Dutch.
Maggie Murdock.
I apologize on behalf of all the arrogant faceless cold cut-off hurried asshole doctors who treated you like a non-person while peeking at your breasts. She looks at him, then digs around in her bag, takes out a Polaroid camera. FLASH. She's taken his picture.
You want Maggie Murdock's number.
What kind of nipples did she have?
You do seem like a shithead -- so it should be fine. There's just alarms going off in my head that you're not entirely what you seem.
I give a shit about Trey Hillman.
Interferon, L-Dopa -- they've slowed the progress in a majority of cases-TREY Listen, Dr. Drug Rep, you know less than shit. Just leave the girl alone.
You're horny enough already!
Is this where I hear what a shithead
Okay. You're right...I've always wanted to be different than what I was, because what I was...was so full of shit, so useless, worse than useless. Useless. Ashamed. And I've never known anyone, ever, where somehow what I actually was...was enough. So, yes, I do need you. She looks at him, as if seeing him for the first time.
We’re going to light a fire under Johann Schmidt’s ass.
Then stop blaming yourself. Allow Barnes the dignity of his choice. He damn well must have thought you were worth it. Steve stares at his beer.But if you're one of the misfits... that's where I come in.
Ycch.
He had this wife, you see, Pretty little thing, Silly little nit Had her chance for the moon on a string-Poor thing. Poor thing. Lucy moves to the window, looks out. She sees Judge Turpin and the Beadle waiting below. The Judge holds yet another bouquet.
My Johanna isn't one of your bloody cock-chafers! My Johanna is not to be gandered at! He nods to the Beadle -- the Beadle instantly grabs Anthony and brutally hauls him out. 19
... yes, this will do very nicely ... You don't remember me. Well, why should you? I was just a down and out Irish pug you hired for a couple of weeks -- sweeping up hair and the like
Got me from the workhouse 'e did. Been there since I was born. Got no mum, got nobody. A wasted soul, that's what
'Scuse me...
--Poor thing is penniless.
I'll warm me bones On the esplanade Have tea and scones With me gay young blade... 86
The system uses one-level page tables, which start at address 0x0400. Maybe you want to have DMA. on your 16-bit system, who knows? The first few pages are reserved for hardware flags, etc. MARK opens the note., It reads "Asshole". He looks over and sees a couple of GIRLS looking at him with contempt.
Take your pants off.
You know you really don't need a damn forensic team to get to the bottom of this. If you guys were the inventors of Facebook you'd have invented Facebook.
--get laid. Yes.
Please don't screw around with me now.
I don't hate anybody.
Jenny's psycho.
A half a million dollars and he's setting us up in an office. They want to re- incorporate the company, they want to meet you and they need your signature on some documents so get your ass on the next flight back to San Francisco. I need my CFO,
You're a damn fine politician, Bob, but you don't know shit about engineering.
Wait... wait a moment, my stiffnecked brother...
It's my birthday. I want the shit scared outta me. You know, barrel rolls, loopdeloops... all that stuff.
How is the old bullshitter?
Ethan's a brown-nosing brat, Roger's a cocky little shit, but they're the best astronauts in our pipeline. They're on board, or this flight stays on the pad. Okay, Gene.
It's these damn teeth.
Don't be an ass, Frank. Don't blow it a second time -- this is your last shot!
Put yourself in my shoes -HAWK Oh no you don't. You've blamed me for Daedalus for 40 damn years! You're not laying this one on me! You choke this one, it's you. All you!
Lighten up, peachfuzz. Take a moment and enjoy yourself, you're in space.
Holy shit, this thing's trying to get tone on us!
That is the damnedest thing I ever saw.
This feels kinda like that '43 Buick you used to drive, Gene. little slow around the curves, brakes don't work for shit.
My warning yous. Gungans no liken outlaunders. Don't expict a wern welcome.
Noah gain, Jar Jar. Yousa goen tada Bosses. Yousa in big dudu this time.
How wude.
Yousa cannot bees hair. Dis army of mackineeks up dare tis new weesong!
Wesa no like da Naboo! Un dey no like uss-ens. Da Naboo tink day so smarty den us-ens. Day tink day brains so big.
No, mesa no tink so. Mesa scant talkie witda Naboo, and no nutten talkie it outlaunders. Dos mackineeks no comen here! Dey not know of uss-en.
You and the Naboo form a symbiont circle.  What happens to noe of you will affect the other. You must understand this.
Wesa wish no nutten in yousa tings, outlaunder, and wesa no care-n about da Naboo.
Binks. Yousa havena liveplay with thisen hisen?
Hisen live tis yos, outlauder. Begone wit him.
Hey, ho? Where wesa goen??
Wesa dude it!
Yousa guys bombad!
Dis sun doen murder tada skin.
Una noto wo shag, me wompity du pom pom.
How wude.
Gungans do die'n without a fight.... wesa warriors. Wesa gotta grand army. Dat why you no liken us, metinks.
Ouch time, Binks... Ouch time for all-n youse.
Jar Jar, yousa payen dis time. Who's da uss-en others??
Whosa dis?
Yousa no tinken yousa greater den da Gungans.. Mesa like dis.  Maybe wesa bein friends.
Thanks for the game, fellas.
Because yesterday I walked out of the joint wearing my entire wardrobe and you're colddecking TeenBeat coverboys.
Quit connin' me.
Who you calling 'pal,' friend?
That's a shame. You're the king of Vegas and you have to play craps in the alley.
Thanks, fellas.
Jesus, Bruiser, not 'til later.
Hell, I think Reuben bought it, and he knew we were screwing around.
And I'm like - Barbara, are we really drunk enough to dyke out in front of a bunch of horny guys? 'Cause, you know, I didn't have anything against bisexuality or anything, but I didn't like, feel ready. But then I realized that Barbara wanted to. And that made me feel like I had to. So I did.
Man, is she cute? Seriously, dawg, I need to get laid tonight.
That shit is hilarious. Darius nods. He nods.
They were all jerks, though.
You gotta be sincere and charm him. He’s used to assholes coming to make fun of him.
When I go back in time with him I’m finding you as a child and turning you gay.
Look. I just need to know if you’re some kind of nutjob and this is all bullshit or if you’re legit.
Kenneth, I don’t care. It’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Shit, people made fun of me, too. I wax my lip and shave my arms. I know it’s not the same, but I get it, you know? I had a freaking mustache
I’m better at running things. Leading. I’m not good with like words and shit and making sentences sound good.
This guy’s awesome. He’s over there right now really thinking he’s building a damn time machine.
Wait a minute. Are you gay, Arnau? Cause that I can handle. That I’ll understand.
No, I’m not gay.
Cock?
~· see -you in hell.God's gotten me outta all kinds of shit. He oughta be able to get you into Juilliard.
That's how easy it is to give to charity around here. Don't put your shit on the floor.
White folks back then felt safe. Capote scared 'em. He took hard core crime out the ghetto and dropped it in America's back yard. That's what makes the book special.
Patrick Reynolds? Hell yeah, I know him. He's my brother.
You're in charge of the music. I'm in charge of the prom. So show up. Don't make me fire your ass.
I'ma shut up... after I say it been real frigid 'round here since y'all broke up. 'Specially since she broke up with you. That was harsh, way she canceled your ass like a stamp for that Howard U dude. But their shit's over. Now might be the time to forget mistakes that was made. Shoot. You been with the girl since ninth grade.
Did I tell you, Malakai, man, how chill it is to have you back? We ain't been bad without cha.
You up for some hoops after school? Break your free-throw back in. Chump the chumps like we used to.
What problems? You goin' to college. Doctor college after that. You large, man.
You? You misread a component. Don't give me that, Patrick. You were screwin' around!
Egg-cuse me?     I am down.
Snook hooks me up whenever he dees.
Whatever.
For damn sure, man.
... Yeah, I'ma tell you. Tell you like I keep tellin' you, Patrick. You need to let Malakai alone. Let him handle his own shit before he drags you down in it.
You were really kicking his ass.
You workin' or what, man?
I got sense enough to know who I am, what I can do and where I can do it. I ain't like you. People don't just up and hand me shit.
Keep it tight.     Watch your butt.
Black guys.    Everybody knows that.
You been scarce lately, man. Where you been?
So.   So to speak? Whassup.
Aww, man. You busted. That's why your jaws are gettin' so tight.
I ain't messin' with those fools over there. You know how they are.
Nut.   What are you talking about?
Chill, man. I'm goin'. You don't have to come off with all 'at.
Siddown.
Why's it bullshit? Because you hang with black guys and play jazz and have the hots for Angela Bassett?
I'm not sure. I think it's some kind of black female thing.
Diondre, what your butt doin' here?
I got laid off rom B.W.I., Chenille. I been workin' part- time. Money's tight. You know how you are about money. That's way I haven't been coming around.
Black people, Sara. Black women.
You see us, man? We're rappin'.
You messed up.
They weren't rednecks!
Patrick. Your ass is on your back and your lips are on the ground. You care, baby brother. And not just about what I said.
Fatsoboombalatso. As EVE takes
Nah, people never what r'm doing.
BARBARAgets back
That was nice. BARBARAheads
Who da Man? You da Man.
C'mon, man. That's funny shit.
Dr. Caine! Goddamnit, Dr. Caine! Are you in here?
Sebastian? Goddamnit.
Well, remember your Nietchze. Whatever doesn't kill me, makes me stronger.
Where the hell have you been?
You're goddamn right it's a gift. And if you weren't so goddamned short sighted, I'd be out there right now trying to master it.
Hanging out in the girl's locker room. Kicking Jimmy Margiani's ass.
Goddamnit, I got thermals all over the place. Eight, maybe ten of them. Must be ghosts.
He was going to kill me.
Get off me.
Suh... You know a Negro name Reverend Green? Yes, I do.
Would you like to choose a new name, to mark your freedom? Many ex-slaves do. Whatever name you want.
You was born free. Guess you never had de stink of fear. Of runnin’ fo yo life. Marie stops, turns back, chastened.
Johnny, Johnny... What dey done to you?
So, de white man din’ give up.
Best slave catcher round - but hard to get, ill-tempered and expensive.
Enough white whores to last me til Lent. Gideon’s eyes narrow. Everyone reaches for their guns. The air crackles with hostility. Walter crouches low on his horse. Bigger breaks into a wheezing laugh. The others chuckle dangerously.
What wrong wit her?
His wife a free woman, big wit his chil’. John din’ wan my babies. Couldn’t bear de thought his chil’ren be born slaves. Every time dey tried to grow, he’d go cold an quite... and one by one dey died in my womb.
4 million enslaved black southerners who need to be liberated, but all we can do at the moment is help a few at a time, while fighting the bigger battle to end slavery.
A slave out at Vern’s farm heard a rumor that the gal that led your slaves off one you lookin’ so hard for - is the slave they call Moses.
Or maybe she’s a little black thing, bout so high, named Harriet Tubman.
You askin’ me, or tellin’ me?
But I remember - chil’ren beat for not workin’, when dey too young to understand what work is. Girls raped before dey first blood. Brothers whipped, til dey back in ribbons... Sisters sold way from dey babies. Tryin’ not to think a what dey went through... What those still enslaved are goin’ through right now! I have heard their groans and sighs, and seen their tears, and I would give every drop of blood in my veins to free ‘em! Harriet is on fire, enraged.
You de cruel one.
Nathan Jones a.k.a. "Diamond Dog." Former general of The Black Guerrillas. Blew up a meeting of the National Rifle Association. Said they represented the "basest negativity of the white race."
About fucking time. PINBALL
What's up, fellas?
You heard the lady, gentlemen. Four white men and two black men are getting off this plane.
Over here, man. Me.
That's right -Clock the change in Poe ... His voice, manner, inflection ... He's playing the bad-ass .. .
What's up, fellas?
,::-iow you.
Meaning, you're not a redneck en a ;ower ~rip ~nd I'm ~c~ a sangscer.
No shit, man ... Cyrus said for you to check·out the landing gear --
='m gonna tell the fellas we found Pinball haw, haw! Diamond Dog exits. Poe looks at the ooor, contorted face of Pinball. He nocices something. Hanging around Pinball's neck ~nits special clip-chain A SHARPIE MAGIC MARKER.
Now you're into semantics ... "Insane?" What if I told you "insane" was working 50 hours a week in some office for 50 years, at the end of which, you are told to piss off ... Ending up in a retirement village, hoping to die before suffering the indignity of no longer being able to make it to the toilet on time. What if I told you that was "insane."
You gonna lower yours
I'm up to my ass in alligators here, man. I gotta go ...
No, c'mon, whaddya gut
Dude, you killed him
is working his balls off to keep the rig on the road ...
CONTih'UED
I bring you a g1£t, Spartacus.
How ve'X'y much he knows .
Don 1 t be i'riwtened . Where are you from'?
CRASS US
You sea.r ed l!leJ · · SPARTACUS
No need to get stiff-necked about ·it. :Poli tics . :i$ a practical pro.t'es.s ion. -If a criminal 1·s got what you want, _y ou do business· wi th him.
Spartacus? You saw him in the ring the day you visited my school with those charming ladie s . I trust they are in good heal th, .1.'hey . selected him to fight agains t Draba the Negro.
Spartacus looks at
Flog this scoundrel out of campl
•.• along w'ith his :'r1end.
Then you'll be cruc1i'iedlWhat about Beethoven? Are you into him? Because for meee? As a U-Haul Lesbian? I’m not really sure about ol’ Ludwig. But then I face him and find myself nose-to-nose with his magnitude and inevitability.
Working out a kink.
A negro product exploited by the Jews.
Indeed, the common metaphors used to explain music are based on the idea that music is a language... albeit a secret one, and in this way, holy and unknowable. These joyful noises we make being the closest thing any of us might ever experience to the divine... Snide TEXTS fly OVER her IMAGE: “trotted out metaphor saw and divinity bit--fuck me if she uses the word ‘allegory.’”
So Blacks are--
Fellas--
Then name it after Big Chief Shitinabucket! Whoever that Tonkawa fella was. He had the Mexes beat by centuries.
You're fired. You're outta the department.
Get the goddamn car. We're going to Roderick's.
Buddy Deeds said a thing, he damn well backed it up. Won't be another like him.
I was--I was real sorry about Nando. He was a good fella. We haven't talked since.
Guy cracks walnuts with his asshole.
There's no call for that, Sam. Fella made himself a pile of enemies over the years.
Whenever somebody thought--they start up another bar for the black  folks, they'd be--how should I put this? They'd be officially discouraged.
Families were split apart, a whole community was destroyed--
If the next guy's a redneck.
Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold.
Man's gonna retire in two years and he offer to quit. Big goddamn deal.
Your boys out there cooped up together, need somewhere they can let the steam out. If they're Black, there's not but one place in this town they feel welcome. Been that way since before you were born.
Got divorced, I wasn't gonna work for my father-in-law anymore. The fellas down here said they'd back me--
The stories people tell, he was a real colorful fella--
You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.
You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz?
Your mother wasn't one to get chased off her patch. Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through.
The other one? Hell, at my age, every time you learn a new name you got to forget an old one. Your head's all crowded up--here it is--
This big fella was sleepin' in a crate at Cisco's junkyard right when I looked to see what was in it. Jumped up at my face--scared me so bad I killed him without thinkin'.
Steve. Board of Education Steve who likes you? He goes for us hot-blooded Mexican girls, I can tell.
I think they have another fella there to keep it off your chest. A spotter.
"I only got my little girl now," he says, "she's my lifeline." Then he tells me I can't be in the box anymore if I can't control myself. Sonofabitch don't even watch the damn game, just sits there drinking with his bidness friends, look up at the TV now and then. I do better to sit in the cheap seats with some real football people.
Fellas.
Buddy's a goddamn legend. He can handle it.
you l o v e me? SMITH
What d i d y o u o f f e r t h e m i n r e t u r n f o r t h e s e b a t s ' t a i l s a n d what-have-you? H e g e s t u r e s contemptuously a t Powhatan's g i f t s , w h i l e h i s
Smith d o e s not.,answer. she i s doing.
You h a v e t o come w i t h m e .
1 an married t o him.
You fellas win some sort of fly-with- POTUS contest?
I don't believe this.  I'm playing politics with a bottle of beer.  A goddamn bottle of beer.  I've been in office too long.
And when have I had five minutes? When I wake up in the morning and I'm already three hours behind Schedule.  What do you want me to do, Rose, tell the G7 to fuck off because I'm a family man?
You're goddamn right we can resolve this ourselves. We'll negotiate.
You're one of Stravanavitch's men.
The leader of the free world.
Aw, Jesus.
But they are not ny people. You look at me as if I am a monster, but answer me this -- when your planes bombed the oil fields of Iraq, did You cry for those dark skinned men whose names you do not know and who's faces You will never see? Did You cry for their wives and children. They were people too, yes... but they were not your people.
Call up Petrov and order Stravanavitch' S release.
Stravanavitch.
Iraq? Shep, you're fired.
Roger that. Kick ass, Navy.
I just had the craziest idea.
So fucking psyched for you!
Dad loves the gays. I made him an honorary homo last week.
I’m telling you, those dudes are my friends.
What does that mean, “Git R Done?”
How could I know he was gay?! All Rita said was her son wanted to meet my son!
Just so you know, and I’m serious about this, I have no problems with Mexicans whatsoever. I was just trying to get you out of a DUI. Got it.
Special Ops. Delta Force. covert shit.
The guy sounds like a douche. needs him?
Holy shit, Sydney. insane.
The Hulk busting your balls?
Dude, you’re gonna kick those other kids’ butts.
Lester, she’s eleven. I guarantee you she’s not sleeping with Sam Krickstein.
Because, then he’s going to think I’m saying shit about him.
But you are saying shit about him.
Holy shit. Is that Downey? gotta confront them.
Peter, who the hell is this guy?!
My goddd!
You know what, man, I was trying to help, okay? That douchebag Downey has bench ads over the entire West Side. You need this kind of stuff to get a leg up on the competition.
I am so goddamn sick of your ridiculous codes! ‘You can’t tell women this.’ ‘It’s bro’s before ho’s.’ Sydney, I like sharing stuff with Zooey. I like spending time just hanging out with her. You know that my favorite night in the last five years is when she and I stayed home, made a summer salad, and watched CHOCOLAT together. And it was my pick at Blockbuster!
I would totally fuck Tiger Woods.
Guys, we’re at a wedding, we gotta stop acting like a bunch of homos.Well, naturally you'll do your damndest to get at it. By the time you finish the first draft, which is to say ninety days, you should be a world-class sprinter. Houseman snaps shut the cabinet.
Have you been laid yet?
MANK
MANK
That rat Bolshevik belongs right up there with Hitler on the list of people not to be taken seriously.
'Lo, Tokyo? London, you theah? Ah, nerts!
No, a fella named Cervantes.
C.C. fer Central Castin'. How you been Mank?
Me an' Grady here been thinkin' a bummin' east tuh Miam-uh.
Aimee Semple Macpherson says you're a godless commie, Upton!
It's good, Mank. Damn good -RITA
Well, with all due respect to Shelly, King Kong they ain't. Though I do think footage of invading hobos has a certain xenophobic power - when frontpaged in the Times and backed by those tacky billboards. THALBERG sits down. He doesn't invite MANK to do likewise.
I know what I am, Mank. When I come to work I don't consider it slumming.
MANK
You really will bet on anything. Keep your money...I'm happy enough just to nail that Utopian sonofabitch to the wall. Which has the ladies laugh, embarrassed...Mank looks into his glass.
He lost, Mank.
Easy fella, you only voted once.
MANK
Somebody was bitching about Mervyn LeRoy running over budget on Wizard of Oz.
MANK
How do you mean, Mank?
You still there, Mank?
Put aside gratitude, Mank - That you've done your best work was no accident...I removed any distraction...eliminated every excuse... your family, your cronies, liquor... I gave you a second chance...
You may never work in this town again, Mank!
Love that shit!
I'm like Riggs. Cruising the streets. No rules, no attachments. Every other day some asshole is trying to take my badge. You're fucking Murtaugh. Always worried about your pension. Well, guess what, it gets old after the first movie. 7.
I wouldn't mind nursing on them titties, mamacita.
When my dad got outta the service, he started buying lotto tickets. He'd play his dog tag numbers. In '91, the fucker won five million bucks. INSERT PHOTO: The Major holding a giant cardboard check.
Fuck Expedia. Travel Advisor. Making it seem so easy. 14.
He's there like half the time. The other half I smile at him. I'm relatively certain he's a homosexual.
You know, there's a reason I sleep 'til noon everyday. And it ain't 'cause I'm lazy. It's on account of me having so many goddamn dreams. Big ones. And once that money's mine, they're all gonna come true.
Like I had this one dream last night. I was cruising through town in a Lamborghini Diablo. The wind was blowing through my hair, ruffling my open shirt. There was a hot little piece of ass sitting next to me. And in the back seat, Jay...was you. Strapped. Wearing a pair of Oakleys.
There's just one problem. Where do we get our guy? 'Cause if we do a kidnapping, then we're right back where we started...doing shit that's gonna get us caught.
Yeah, he used to kick our asses.
Hey, if you guys had that twin ESP shit this would be a completely different situation. There'd be logistical problems.
You look like a lot of people. You're a normal looking dude.
Hey, let's not say shit we can't take back.
Hey, bud! Sorry for the hike! The county's got us doing repairs at the ass end of the night!
Here goes. And this is gonna sound crazy. Because it is fucking crazy. But last night two guys in masks jumped me and strapped a bomb to my chest, and now I have less than eight hours to rob a bank.
Well, all these sites say different shit. There's not a lot of consensus in the bomb disarming community.
Sorry. Shit. I didn't mean to do that. But just listen to me now. You're not gonna die. You wanna know why? Because you know exactly how to rob a bank.
That's really clever. No one ever said that shit to me before. Anyway, this is perfect. You know the whole layout of the bank.
Sure. Whip that shit out. I'm actually kinda curious. I wanna see if Jenny Rifkin lied to you. She obviously lied to me.
I've been thinking about it, and I want you to start off working the counter. Sounds like a demotion, I know, but it's an important position. Because we're gonna be using code words and shit. For example, if a customer walks in and says he wants a tan, that just means he wants a tan. But if he says he wants a "deluxe tan," that means a blow job and you gotta get one of the girls in there to suck him off. You with me?
Fuck. I really am sorry about it. Okay? Despite what I said before. I was just a kid, but I messed up.
Do you have to take a piss first? Because I do.
Chet, as if it isn't apparent, I may die today. I'll probably die today. And if there's one small thing that's clear to me now, it's that I've wasted two and a half decades as a pussy, watching everything I want pass me by. I don't wanna peace out of this world as a pussy. I need to tell her how I feel.
It's just nerves. Let's pull our shit together and do this thing.
Oh, shit. Sorry, Cruz.
He was tempting a desperate motherfucker. The guys jump in the Datsun and peel out as two more police cruisers race toward the bank. The cruisers change course and give chase. The Datsun blows right by the parked INT. MINIVAN - DAY Dwayne watches as the cars speed off into the distance.
And as for all that shit I said...and all that shit I did...I hope you can forgive me. We've been friends for so long, and I guess you hurt the people you're closest to the most.
Yo, Juicy, wrangle your boy. Money's on its way.
I'm not ashamed to admit that I've gone through some dark times since then. Depression. Addiction to a variety of shit, which I won't go into. I know you must think that's pretty silly, especially since you manage to get through the day and you don't got shit going on as compared to me. But that's just the way it is. That's life.
No. I don't. My whole point I was trying to make before you interrupted me was that that shit is all in the past. 'Cause I did it. I finally pulled it off.
What now, old man!? You can't kill me! None of y'all can kill me!
Oh, shit. One of those dudes is definitely not dead!
You’re the boss of me....
You start out slovenly and then you get better. Not Bob Dole but pretty much anybody else.
Man, wussup? I been home hella long...
Hella nosy...
Hell yeah he is. He was just over here...
Let me get three Dungeness.
Look, I was going through some shit, trying to get back on my feet. But I need this job man. I'll show up early every day. You can start me back off with one shift a week or whatever. I'm here. You can work me 40 hours a week and pay me for 20. I'm here.
Hey, chump! What you doin?
Wussup wit it, Osc?
She is gettin way too smart.
Awww naw, Osc bruh, don't tell me you aint got it.
But Rose got hella kids to watch.
We gay.
Yall not gay.
Look bruh, I aint rich. This my last ten dollars. All I got on me. Now you can take this $10, and open the store up and let them use the bathroom. Or you could go home, and when you get here tomorrow, its gonna be a puddle of piss right there.
Come'on bruh, this us.
This the cat from bitch ass Palma Ceia I was tellin you about.
I see another one of these goofballs.
Get your hands off me.
Chill out Brandon bruh. We about to go home. They can hold us here as long as they want, but they can't arrest us bruh, we aint do shit.
Come'on breathe, man.
No. Californian. Born right here in Los Angeles.
You!
I get the general idea. She was a tramp from a long line of tramps.
Only you haven't got a single thing to go on, Keyes.
It's not what he knows. It's those stinking hunches of his.
Shut up, baby.
Queer? Queer in what way?
Walter, Lola's been telling you some of her cockeyed stories. She's been seeing you.
We're vice, I didn't see no pimps or hookers in that van. But if you're so gung-ho, we'd best call it in for some back-up.
It's a bluff. The guy's full of crap.
Goddamit, Reilly--
She ain't no hooker.   This is a murder investigation.
Relax, Pooch, it's just a ticker, it's not personal.
Be nice Pooch!
No you look, mister! First, you don't go calling my men names. It's bad for morale. Second, us "punks" happen to know a heck of alot more about police work than any vice cop ever did.
What not bad. You've got a series of bombs, devices, that may or may not be connected, set by one or many nutjobs, who may or may not be linked.
Pooch, you're up.    Rack `em.
Lesbians.
No thanks, Meg. Hawed Pooch ever get so lucky?
Damn.
Glass, there they are. Pooch right in front of you, you got `em, you got `em.
Oh... damn.
Cuz he got the girl, now he's leaving town.
Reilly, what the hell are you-?
Glass, you guys take cover, goddammit!
Yeah and he's got a huge cock.
This guy must be in the 'tard squad.
I got twenty bucks says you're full of shit.
You know... rest areas are homosexual hang-outs.
Come on, that wouldn't make me gay.
Relax, this guy owes me a big one. A couple years ago he got in a jam up in the Boston office; some bullshit about padding his resume -- like we haven't all done that. Anyway, they were going to let him go but his mother wrote a tear-jerker letter that ended up on my desk.
Okay, Ted, I'll do it. But if this chick turns up with a toe tag, I'm rolling over on you.
Okay, Ted, I found your Mary. Her current address, two-niner-eight Euclid Avenue, Miami Beach. Husband, negative. Children and Labrador, negative. Extremely nice ass, affirmative.
Bet your ass I have. It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.
Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps. For instance, did you know there's a guy down the hall cheating on his wife?
Jesus, Mary, you gotta hear this -- some cop's staking out this broad's apartment.
Oh sweet Jesus
It's a goddamn bunion. It'll heal.
I'm sorry, it's just that you're taking this all wrong, pal. Don't you see? You're liberated. I feel liberated. I mean here you've been in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you!
Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
I work with retards.
Those goofy bastards are just about the best thing I have in this crazy old world.
That sneaky prick was probably practicing his jai alai.
Well then you've got to call her, man.
You know, a mookalone, a schlep.
Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy here's gonna tell you all you need to know about this guy in about two seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper.
Told you he was gay.
Knock yourself out.
I mean let's face it, Mary, you're beautiful, you've got money, you trust people -- I'm just saying, there's a lot of psychos out there.
Mary, the guy's full of shit.
He has a big cock, doesn't he?
So where the hell are you, Healy?
Hey, watch your mouth -- she's a great gal. I'm the dumbshit for lying to her.
But Jesus, Pat, if she's as special as you say, she's going to want to hear about the things you did.
That's bullshit, man you, uh, you were on the front line. Remember the, uh, malaria the, uh, typhoon fever that vicious strain of genital herpes?
The important thing, Doctor, is you've got to distance yourself as much as possible without pissing this psycho off.
I'm a phony -- just like you, man.
Okay, calm down, calm down -- the bottom line is neither of us are going to get her if we don't do something about that headcase she's with now.
What about you, Mare? How the hell'd you manage to stay single?
That seems like a lot of speed for a little pooch -- you sure it won't kill him?
You crossed the line, man.
Who the hell's Woogie?
With nuts... just the way you like 'em.
Damnit, Wimmer!
Here, dumbass.
Oh, you guys always find the cool shit.
My arm, man, it's not on my body, dude.
Lowe, you bastard.
I just saved your ass.
I mean, you must really feel like a wuss.
I could never be with a girl who's balls are hairier than mine.
Big fella in the mask.
Hell yeah!
So, Sarge, we got permission to download some whoop ass on this guy?
Condor, Kicker and I will take Cargo main, rest of you take portside. Stay alert. We want some definite payback on his ass. Breech on my command.
Dude, you sort of scream like a girl.
Grendel to Solaris. We need medical and military at the gate. We've got a big goddamn problem here!
Poor bastard.
Damnit Crutch, you better know what you're doing.
And a giant shitload of good luck.
Rowan, what are you doing?
Oh shit! Waylander had the trigger!
Waylander's got the trigger.
It's about damn time!
Goddamn! That's intense.
Brodski. Come in. Brodski. Where the hell are you?
Something. Amy, with your encyclopedic world-wide knowledge of skank-ology -- have you ever heard of "Deaders?"
Look, Amy. Maybe this is just some kind of bull-shit shot-on-tape gore movie. And since that's all it can be, that's all you're going find, but it sure smells different to me. If it's bull-shit, you'll know pretty fast. If it's not...
That all writers were queers?
Steps out.  Around sixty.  Her face shows the lines of a life of hard work and mother hood.  A good woman.
Look at the bright side, the Krauts sure as hell don't want to advance and hold this cesspool.
Just picture some French number been spending all day, every day, making cream-colored, shear-body negligees with gentle-lift silk cups and gathered empire waists, what the hell you think she wears at night?
...I understand your problem, but if we don't get those tanks off-loaded by 0600, we're going to have an entire division up at Caen with its ass hanging out of its pants...
A fucking mess, two maybe three Kraut divisions, no fronts, no lines, the drops were completely fouled up, we've got little pockets of paratroopers all over the place, trying to hang on.  Command says we hold St. Mere, but north of that, it's all Krauts.  Even if Ryan's where he's supposed to be, he's more than likely dead.
I should be on my way to Caen, sir. It's like Beethoven, the guy's one of the greatest composers ever lived and he goes deaf.  Go figure, I mean, who'd he piss off?  And here I am, the Beethoven of ladies foundation garments, one step away from Caen, the center of the known lingerie universe and instead, I'm going to Ramelle to save some fucking private who's probably already dead.
Hell, no.  I think he's the best officer in the whole goddamned army, bar none.
You must be a hell a shot.
Like hell they can't.
We all have, he's got nine lives, or he's bulletproof, or some damn thing.
Jesus, Reiben, think of the poor bastard's mother.
Wade, Sarge, Corporal Insect, all of us, hell, I'll bet even the Captain has a mother.
She's the best poker player you ever saw.  My father used to go to these Saturday night games and lose his shirt.  Finally, my mother gave him an ultimatum, either she gets a regular seat at the table or she locks him in every Saturday night. He squawked and so did his buddies but after a while they gave in and from the first night she sat down, she never lost.  She could read those cocky bastards like they were playing open hands.  And he bluffs?  He had sixteen levels of bullshit.  Her eyes, the tone of her voice, her bets, her jokes, the way she sipped her coffee, she was a master.  She won more money on shit hands than anyone in the history of the game. Every Saturday night, my father would lose two, three hundred bucks and she'd win it all back and then some. And I'd stand there, glued to her shoulder, from the time I was five years old, watching every hand, every move, studying how she did it.
That's why I'm such a good officer, I can look at a man's face and tell you exactly what he's holding, and if it's a shit hand, I know just what cards to deal him.
The hell you aren't, you're comin' with me if I have to drag you every inch of the way.  You hear me, Private?
Out of the mouth of babes.
Goddamn it, sir...
Leave him to me, Captain, I'll have him pissing and moaning with the best of us.
Like hell you did, I got him.
I am, but I like imported whiskey. So there I am and I hear the biggest ole' coon you ever did hear, 'a rustlin' right there in front of me. That ole' boy comes right out of the brush, I got a clear shot and he knows he's 'bout to meet his maker. I aim, I got my finger tight on the trigger and then I just smile and say to that ole' coon, go on, now, you get out 'a here.  Then I sit down on a hollow log and take me a right long pull a' that mash whiskey.
Billy, you come out with me tonight, and I promise you'll get laid.
Dude, how do you think I get all my shit done? I'm telling you -- those Asian guys love crunching numbers. You probably just made his weekend. The guys have reached J.D.'S CONVERTIBLE.
Those assholes.
I'll actually probably just sit on my ass, eat a pint of Hagaan Daz, and watch Blind Date.
Well, if you want some company, maybe you could sit on your ass at my place.
Dude, I've been cutting my ass hair with them for the past six months.
I don't know about you, but I'm hungry as balls.
Hey look, it's the Brother's McFag!
Dude, forget about those pricks.    Let's just go. They continue walking...
Hey!    Move your ass!
Man, you scared the shit out of them! Make that face again!
Kumar, I have a shitload of work to finish. And you have that med school interview in the morning.
Thank Christ! Look, just give me a dime of your finest herb. The Hippie Asshole opens his backpack. Inside, Kumar sees A GIANT PLASTIC BAG FILLED WITH WEED. He's awestruck...
take-out bags. They see KUMAR and the Hippie Asshole making their deal.
Hey, you guys about to smoke? KUMAR and HIPPIE ASSHOLE turn and see THE TWINS.   They're both floored by their hotness.
Hurry up, I want to go smoke pot with that cute Indian bloke.
Oh, come on, you always exaggerate.    We weren't gonna get laid.
Look, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna end up with Cindy anyway. It's just more practical. Now can we drop this and get our asses to White Castle?
Holy Shit!
Dude-- how were Katie Holmes' tits?
You guys wouldn't believe some of the weird shit we've been through the last couple hours. Harold and Kumar look at each other-- "if they only knew..."
What the hell's wrong with you, Kumar? Look at me. I own my own house. I drive a beamer. And I get laid whenever I want. You can have all that too, if you'd just get off your ass and go to med school.
Come on. Just pretend you're a nerdy Asian Tom Hanks and she's a hot Latina Meg Ryan...with bigger tits. Besides, you yourself said things are starting to go our way...
What bridge? What the hell are you talking about?
Dude, Liane is fucking hot!
Hey, that's great. Do you think we could get going? I'm bored as shit back here.
There's a pay phone across the street, if you don't want to deal with those assholes.
Yeah, Koo-mar. Bust your ass.
What's with that name -- Koo-mar -- with like three o's and shit. What happened to good old fashioned American names like Dave, Jim... Harold points to his ID.
Let me guess. You were probably the big asshole in your high school, right? You'd pick on guys like us every day. But then graduation came, and we went to college and you went nowhere, so you thought, "How can I still give them shit? I know! I'll become a cop!" Well, congratulations. Your dream's come true. Both Officer Palumbo and Harold are getting really pissed. Kumar steps in front of Harold and offers his friend over to Palumbo.
For being black.
Son, I'm fat. I'm black. I can't dance. And I have two gay fathers. I've had people messing with me my whole life.
Look, Rold, I'm sorry. But you're not the only one dealing with shit. My dad's cutting me off, remember?
Ow...my ass. Kumar gets up and walks over to the cell.
Just calm down. Cheetahs are used to eating zebras and shit. They're not known for eating humans.
Come on, Rold! You can get that shit done in a couple hours. We can't quit now!
This just in...police have arrested a gang of hooligans... We see a picture of COLE and the EXTREME SPORTS PUNKS in the corner of the screen.
This girl is crazy, man.
But she IS black!
And it came into my head that I have been blessed with freedom twice over? As a negro and as a woman? 70.
You're comin' back to life right smart. If all Billy Yanks are like you, the Johnny Rebs are gonna get their tails whupped good.
Some gang punk gets wasted in front of the tourists. The mayor pressures the cops. The cops pressure the rival gang -- the Joe Boys. The Joes give up Shu Kai Kim -- the schmuck kid from Korea who's been pestering 'em to get in.
He's a victim, Roger. He deserves to see the sun again, breathe the air. He's been in prison too goddamn long.
Back in the Seventies I spent years putting away gangsters in a Colombian syndicate called "the Ochoa". These guys are very dangerous, Ed. When I hear that a small-time dope lawyer is conniving to spring one of these guys, I see red.
Shoulda told the one about Shu being the bastard child of Mother Theresa.
Hey Eddie... Loose joints? Buy one, get one free.
We respect balls.
You tell me, man.
And I need an expert on the Joes I can put on the goddam stand!
C'mon, get outta here, Dowd.
You don't speak any Chinese dialects? Then you get your intelligence from snitches?
I'm sorry, it's just -- You'll laugh but there was awhile when I thought, Hey, we're two sorry assholes who need each other. Who can help each other.
You're out there and I'm in here. My bond -- my trust -- is with the dudes in here that watch my ass. I took an oath of loyalty to them. You're out there. Who are you to me?
This little prick is protected.
He was your snitch.
Makes two of ya.
Shut up, Art.
Putting away one punk enabled you to keep your informant out of prison and in place.
Pervert!
Shut up.Oh, Pedro, I don't.know, man. I really don't think I'm the college type, ya know?
No, I'm hangin' out with the fellas.
Oh, yeah, right, okay. So what you fellas doin' down here?
No, man. He's goin', he's goin'.
Yeah, man. He's gain'.
YOU!
I made some plans tonight with my lady, fellas.
C'mon, man. Don't you wanna hang out with the fellas?
A 9 is too high, man! She gotta be at least a 5.
Will you just go 'head, man!
Just answer honestly, man. One to ten. Whatta ya think? There is a long pause, then.
No, man. No way. Not for me. I've had it with that.
Yo, Vinny, man, if those bottles would've hit my car, I woulda kicked your ass!
Damn, man, you hear the way he's talkin' about us?
C'mon, fellas. Put me down.
Yeah, man. That was a fine African American woman.
Wrong! This is more than just a condom. It's a super condom. This condom here has an ingredient called noxinol 9. You hear me. Noxinol 9. Who ever you with, and whatever they got, forget it! This shit will knock it right out. You could fuck an elephant with this condom.
Yo, man, yo, wait! Before you say anything, please make sure that there are no big, fat, hairy motherfuckers, holdin' beer bottles out there, alright!
Come on, bro. Cut that shit out.
Hey, would I shit on you? No, really. I've been up in the space shuttle. What you doin' next weekend? You want me to take you up for a spin? Our attention surrounded.
Black boy? Black boy! {Laughing) Is that what you think I am. No, no, no, no, no, man! I'm not Black. I'm a Dominican!
Why, man. What the hell you got against Manhattan?
Look! I.wait all week to hang out with you guys. I'm usually in my damn, funky apartment all day and night, doin' nothin', bored to death. I'd die for these Fridays, man, but I wanna hang out with my homeboys, not a bunch of White people from Manhattan.
Alright! Manhattan. Let's get some rich White woman!
You damn right, homeboy! There's no shame to my game.
Yo, fellas, yo! You see that buildin' right there. I auditioned for a part in this t.v. show right there last week.
Man, fuck you, man. When I was in college, I was the best actor in my acting clas, man! They looked up to me like I was, like I was William Shatner, man!
Nahhhh, man. It sucks.
Yo, fellas, look, look, look! Look where we're at! Everyone looks out the windows. Their P.O.V. reveals all the strip joints, peep shows, and dirty movies on the strip called forty second street and eighth avenue. WILLIE, TOM and VINNY's eyes bulge as if they have seen a feast. JOHNNY is lost in his own thought.
Yo, man! Somebody is rubbin' up against me, and I don't like it!
I dropped the damn quarter. It's laying by Tom's foot.
Watch your hands, man.
Ahhh, my lady got a better body than that.
Yo, man, what the hell! Yo!
Yo, man. You wanna talk about it, ha?
Of course not. Who the hell would do that?
The fare ain't fair, man! Suddenly, from out of a corner room, bust forth two POLICE OFFICERS. The fellas try to run, but the officers quickly round them up, and shove them into the room. TIME CUT: INT. ROOM The fellas are seated, above them.
Yo, man, why don't ya'll cut it out! They laugh even harder now.
Ya'll gonna get us in trouble, man. Why don't ya'll cut it out!
Yo, Vinny, man! Why don't you stop that shit, man! Damn, Vinny!
Nobody was gonna take you to jail, man.
Well, I just ain't wanna take no chances, alright. You know how that shit is. Three years from now, when I become a big movie star, I'll see my mug shot on the cover of the national enquirer, with a story about how I bent over and picked up the soap in prison, and shit, ya know?
C'mon, Willie, bro. He's just goofin' on you, 'cause you goofed on him.
I can't laugh off somethin' like that, man. You think I like bein the way I am, man. You think I like bein' scared, wonderin' all the time how I'm even gonna make it through a goddamn week. You think I enjoy that? I didn't ask to be this way. This isn't who I wanna be! This is the way God made me! I was born this way . . . We all were.
Come on, fellas. Whatta ya say we do·a jammy, ha? C'mon. They all look at each other, then start to chuckle a bit.
Damn, Vinny, man. You shouldn't have said all that stuff, guy.
Word! Kick his ass!
Man, you don't know nothin' about actin', man. You don't know nothin'.
Ahh, man, forget it.
What's a matter with you, man? What is it with you?
Oh, that's good to know, he's a real asshole.
Hi. Nice to meet you. The fellas exchange looks. VINNY lays his head on the disbelief.
Fellas, it's two o' clock. Whatta ya say we call it a night.
Who the hell is this guy, baby!
Fellas, please!
Oh, okay. Sorry. The fellas turn their backs to TOM, but still stand in place near him.
Frederick? The fellas giggle.
What? You think I've always been like this? Ha? No way, bro! I use to fall head over heals in love, man. Head over heals. What I'd get for it every time? Kicked in my ass, that's what! Hurt! I use to line up lookin' like Tommy here. All pitiful and shit! TOM looks up at VINNY. He smirks.
Fellas, you blockin' the door. Please leave.
No, fella. None of those are
Goddamn, bro! Take it easy!
Yo, chill out, man! Damn! Standing by a nearby lamppost is a middle aged black man. He's a rastafarian, with long dredlocks.
I can get you in, man. a way.
It'll cost you 18 at the door, my brother. And that's if they let you in at all, man.
Okay, you .guys are in the clear. Go 'head. The fellas go through the door, leaving the RASTA behind. INT. HUGH DISCO The fellas go through a short dark corridor, letting the sound of music guide them. Soon, they enter the club, with huge smiles on their faces.
Bitch! Our attention again focuses on WILLIE and JOHNNY, both sipping on drinks ..
Well, where you live, man?
C'mon, fellas, stop it!
Get off me, man.
Yeah, man, get off. cool.
Man, that's heavy shit, man! EXT. HUGH DISCO
Get your hands off ·me, man!
Get off of me, man.
Simin.
When did I cuss at you?
Don’t cuss. Take him outside.
Fought with Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan in the 90s - became a key recruiter for 9/11 in Germany. He recruited Marwan Al-Shehhi - the fucker who flew your friend’s plane into the south tower. A heavy beat.
We’re here to have a conversation. We want to understand your whole story - that’s it. No one’s going to hurt you; that shit’s not allowed. If we were in the U-S, you’d be provided with a lawyer free of charge. We’ll sit here as long as it takes. You understand? Mohamedou nods.
You guys hate Cuba!
Guess these assholes love religious fiction.
What’s not to enjoy? Three nights in the hole with a bucket to piss in. They pumped chainsaws and crying babies through the speakers round the clock. By the end of training, it got pretty loopy.
You killed them Mohamedou!
You are lucky, one of the other bastards would keep your ball. Mohamedou picks up the ball, hurls it over. But the ball comes right back, bounces into Mohamedou’s cell.
Stay standing. Do not fucking sit down on me, asshole --- Unable to take anymore, Mohamedou chokes. He collapses, retching up the cold rations -WILDCAT Hey. Sit up, sit up, you’re okay. Mohamedou is lifted off the ground, he sits up -117A
How do I look? Do I look all right? Laurie looks at her, really looks at her for the first time.
Not a mite more than I ought, ma'am. I'd go myself, if I was any use; as I ain't, I give my boys.
Oh crap, Claire, are youbig deal. okay?
I get kind of... something when I'm stoned.
Are you stoned?
She's tattooed!
Okay, Hazel, I don't think we need to talk to anyone else. This guy has me down. I'm going to cast him right now. Then maybe you and I can get a drink and we can try to figure out this thing between us. Why I cried. I've never felt about anyone the way I feel about you. I want to fuck you until we merge into a Chimera.
I've never seen your shit gray.
You're missing your Fosonex.
Amazing artist though. The best living artist. There's no one who stares the truth in the face like she does. A sweet pussy, too. Caden looks at Sammy, confused.
I don't like that guy you got to play you.
You wish you were a chick?
I want to talk to you about your homosexuality.
What? I'm not a homosexual!
Why? We need you pakeha clever. You sleep her.
I am giving the piano back to you. I've had enough.  The arrangement is making you a whore and me wretched. I want you to care for me, but you can't.
George sick, he don't wanna see nobody. You got Tupeka for the Hira?
What are "pants up?"
Arraughrragh come back here now.
Ugga, everyone, you have to listen to me.
You beat somebody up?
Then eat your nuggets. The girls dutifully return to their food.
Hells yeah. The Khoos, the Youngs, I mean, who doesn’t know who they are?!
Chinese-American.
Takes a goddamn mastermind. Colin looks out to see nothing but the ocean around them.
Oh, what? So do we pretend like that’s not the truth? Are we in some kinda fairy tale story that I don’t know about? Did you find a shoe at midnight and jump in a pumpkin? Yo, I got so much shit about marrying Fiona and her parents own the biggest shipping company in Hong Kong.
Small tits!
Hey, hey, hey. It’s not worth it, man. They’re drunk.
But you have ping-pong tits!
God, she’s so badass.
Bak-bak, bitch!
OK, little fella, Kingpin’s gonna send a lot of mugs after ya, I’m talking hard boys, real biscuit boxers. Can you fight them all off at once?
What a pig.
You gotta go home man.
You and that ugly little whore think you’re so in love. I’ll show you love. Lucy. The crazed girl approaches. Sand brushes her chin gently. He leans in and whispers in her ear.
That stupid porker will never find us.
Weirdo hippy types. A whole bunch of ‘em.
They fuckin’ loved it. HOLD CLOSE on Caruthers -- his eyes gleaming -A PRIMAL DRONE BEGINS TO RISE ON THE SOUNDTRACK AS WE SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
Women. Like us.
I’m a slasher and I must be stopped.
Do forgive me. I’m something of a wild west nut. Speaking of which, that was a fair few outlaws you rounded up last night.
They’re nippers Tom. They’ll come round.
In the city maybe. No-one’s going to stab you in here sergeant, not a member of the public anyhow.
People...cars...that gold bloke... the swan.
Because he’s fuck ugly. Changing tack, ANGEL nods to a HULKING MAN, clad in denim.
I don’t know. Gun fights. Car chases. Proper action and shit .
Now you mention it, I too have reason to believe she favours the older gent.
You know that’s the bloke we done for speeding earlier.
Them bloody who?
Yarghspose.
’Yargh he suppose’.
Oharrghldozfortheesun.
’Idoes for theesun’.
Sounds like a good bloke.
Sergeant, a guick word?
We’re just waiting to speak to the last people to see Mr Merchant alive, namely Sergeant Knickerless Asswipe and Constable Fanny Butterdog.
Everyone knows everyone round ’ere.
I beg to differ. It’s the closest we’ve come to nabbing the bastards.
He thinks you’re talking a load of shit. Swings and roundabouts innit? The ANDES wander past. ANGEL and DANNY get up and approach.
You know that fella who blew up?
Yeah Sissy Skinner.
What a gaylord!
I don’t know nuffin about the skelingtons!
Recconneeegottsumadere.
He says he ’reckons you got something there’.
Two blokes and a lot of cutlery. What do you reckon? The two GRUFF BUTCHERS wait, knives drawn, ready to throw. Suddenly a terrific clattering rumble fills the store. A battering ram comprised of several trollies handcuffed together bursts into view, hurtling toward the GRUFF BUTCHERS. The ANDES ride the front of the trolley-ram, yelling like Vikings. The trollies crash into the meat counter, knocking the GRUFF BUTCHERS to the [U+FB02]oor. The ANDES leap off the makeshift battering ram and deck the [U+FB02]oored bad guys. A PIERCING SCREAM. The officers turn to see the sluttish CHECKOUT GIRL running towards them. DORIS THATCHER grabs the ’WET FLOOR’ sign and slams it into the CHECKOUT GIRL’s face. She slides across the [U+FB02]oor.
Angel! Don’t go being a twat now.
Oh pack it in Frank, you silly bastard!
Actually, official vocab guidelines state that we say ’staf[U+FB02]ng’, not ’manpower’. ’Manpower’s sexist.
Hey you cheeky fucker! Another huge laugh. ANGEL grins at DANNY, who appears suddenly grave. He follows DANNY’s gaze to see TOM WEAVER. Aiming a BLUNDERBUSS at ANGEL, his face full of hate.
Chief, we’ve had a report of some hippy types messin’ with the recycle bins at the supermarket.Nobody’s forcing you! Whatever.
A nice, clean, nasty little piece of work.
"Psycho."
Whatever you do, Alfred, don't lose your temper.
It's just "Hitch", Tony. Hold the cock.
Bloody belt-tightening.
And you're sure this moleskin will stay put?
Anyone who's ever going to find their way in this world has to start by admitting they don't know where the hell they are. Thor nods.
Standing there with the unconscious Selvig slung over his shoulder.
None taken. Were you shitcanned, too?
You know, the thing that really chaps my ass is that I just spent my life savings turning my van into a poodle.
I taut I taw a puddy cat.
I don't know, Lloyd, the French are assholes.
You know, you fellas were all over the road back there.
You're it. Quitsies.
Some bum down at unemployment.
So tell me, why you fellas headed to Aspen? Vacation?
I was thinking the same thing. That John Denver's some full of shit, huh?
Well it doesn't do any good having you sitting there on your butt whining about it. If we're gonna get out of this hole, we're gonna have to dig ourselves out.
I married a cheapskate.
You're so materialistic.
I'm freezing my ass off, Lloyd.
Foolish? This is the most sensible thing I've done in years. I'm gonna toss this goddamn curse right into that river.
No I'm not, man -- look.
Guess it'll have to do, slugger, eh?
Jesus Christ, boss... it's them.
Oh shit, there she is.
Open that damn thing!
Until he turned into a backstabber.
I can't thank you enough, fellas. It was so darn dank in that well, I really thought it would be the death of me.
Now you're talking my language. You know I got a weakness for blondes.American.
You're sounding like that mad woman, Widow Baggins.
What are you doing man?
Waitress!  A round of Nitzhic!
I'll never forget the look on that Papal commander's face when his "heretic stronghold" turned out to be a rock full of whores climbing all over Neuvich.
Come on Brenna, your ass is already in a sling, don't drag me into it.
Y'never know.
OK, drop your drawers there, Strike, dicky check.
I'm calling my girlfriend, man!
(wry, like he knows Strike's A woman-beater.
Greasy blindinq
Yeah, we're qoMa wait a week or two, let shit die down a little, work out of the candy store for now, keep you on the benches, bu-t; Ahab's is the place, because this thing we got pulls in a lot of traffic and this way it blends in with the~ traffic,
That damn kid Tyrone
Ahab's shooting? The kid's got the best alibi in the world. He's layin' up in Christ the King with a slug in. his thigh.
... you guys soccer Hey, fellas
My HamDones uniform
her that, she says, "So~ a job, you got~-" see, she don't understand, man, you know, I'm trying to get us out ot the projects and where you gonna go if you don't got it saved up? I mean, you got to make it while you £An, wnile you~. because
Aw-w, he broke~ balls, you're gor-~a break~?
How ya doin', fellas?
You raisin' up on me?
I got to get to work! Thumper does a dicky check, makes Victor &hoe&, shakQs out his socks.
at ... he bottom handcuffed.
That's all Victor's ideas. He said we got to make this place feel like somebody's~. like people are comin' into somebody's two ... See, he treated everybody with respect -- the kids in the kitchen, the customers, shit, even the clockers ... Like, o~, you asked me about last Friday night? ANGLE
about shooein'
liJl2 you talking to like
him you want five
looking ANCLE
mien I was your age? I used to have a girlfriend lived in this Rathy Doogan, She's a projects, doctor n.ow, This used to be a pretty decent place to live,,, you know, 'back then, Roe,··
From fifty yards off he sees his car. Errol Barnes is leaning against the door, that big ~n-butt of his sticking up out of his waist as if he just doesn't give shit who sees it. strike
his ass
walk right into the bedlam.
You better git...
I’ve tried ‘em, it’s true. Naw, that stinks. You try ‘em, it’s true. No good. Joan takes it all down, scratches out, writes.
My bike! Ames, my bike! Ames slams on the brakes. She backs up, splattering mud across the road. Polly throws open the car door and pulls out her bike. Nitwit!
You gotta, Pop. That skunk’s a killer and he’s walking around scot free. The guard’s twitch is more active than ever.
Mrs. O’Toole leaves.
Montgomery’s real cagey. I put the word out on the street. The only thing that came back is he’s sittin’ pretty. Where? Ya got me.
It was a cinch. Jeez, Aunt Lil, that guy’s a real creepola, running out on you and all.
No kiddin’.
What’re you gettin’ at?
I gave at the office. Nick and his Cronies laugh at Brooks.
stands in her way, pointing a gun in her face. she backs up.
Don’t know what you’re talkin’ about.
Listen, fellas, you gotta believe me. I don’t know where it is.
Ya know they got gambling on this ship?Yeah, but I can't be sorting through that shit in the middle of a burglary. There's just not time for it.
Little Richard. Trust me. You're insane. Jesus, this guy used to carry a percussion bomb around in his trunk. You do not want a guy like that loose on the streets.
The only nut with a gun is going to be Dignan.
Don't even say it, man.
You're bleeding, man. Sit down.
People think because they're in a hotel they can act like a slob. It's bad manners.
She Chicano, yes?
You like Chicanos?
Hard to find it sitting by the pool drinking beer and bullshitting.
Ow. Shit.
Join the party, fellas.
No way, man --
Memphis. Holy shit. It's an honor, man --
You seem a little hinked-up ...
I do a poaching number. Six-ounce fillets in a saucepan of brine. In 8 minutes, I could cater a goddamn wedding. Plain but flavorful. And it's a good way to show off my Hollandaise sauce ...
No, but you dress like an asshole ...
Damn. Memphis Raines. Long time ...
I like how you wallop back in here - after four years - and can still get all Clifford Huxtable on my shit ...
We're rich. Goddamn, we're rich!
It's the same way with cars. Different cars. Different tunes. You can't steal a Maserati listening to Sinatra. You gotta get urgent. You gotta get Sonny Rollins or Led Zeppelin IV, on that shit. But never, never-ever take no Allman Brothers into a Lincoln Town Car. Could lead to disaster. Got it... ?
That's Mirror Man ... And that's Freb ... And Tumbler ... And Toby ... Fellas, this is Sara Wayland... They call her "Sway."
It's for assholes. The Legal Buck blows, Memphis.  You know that. Doing this, we make mad bank, my boys are down, the girlies come around and the boosts are a breeze. Yeah, sure, you're gonna get jacked-up every now and then - but ain't that a small price to pay for never, never-ever, having to say "paper or plastic?"
This shit's on point. Check it: 200.
I can't leave you here, man --
Ya' gotta stop him, man --
Get her started, man -- !
Jesus, Kip ... I'm shot, man ...
Some guy's on the phone for you, Matty. Claims to be The Boss Barracuda ...
Jesus, man ... What'd you do?
Ya gotta keep tabs on your "Eleanors", Memphis. Cos you never know when you're gonna need one --
"I look and I see white everywhere: white walls, white floors, and a lot of white people. The teachers do not know I have no idea of anything they are talking about. I do not want to listen to anyone, especially the teachers.
Don't laugh too hard. The Quesadilla saved our ass.
Don't get your panties in a wad.
Did you know that black men were employed at a higher rate before those programs? It's a fact.
They're not "black", Elaine. The term du jour is African-American.
"Darned."
Michael thinks he's a redneck.
This young man plays for my team and I will defend him like he's my own son! Against you or any other redneck sonofabitch! Michael watches, dumbfounded. He walks over to the livid Cotton and pulls him backwards, looks him in the eye.
Coach Saban wants his Fed Exed.
That you Big Mike? Get your ass in here.
Francesca! Francesca! Where the hell are you going?
So you must like Oiwa, I guess.
Clean replacements?    With background checks? I assure you, Mr. Stokes, this network cannot survive another Rainbow Randolph. The goddamn P.R. department looks like the Jim Jones camp.
Cars, boats, whores and horses, I had 'em all. When I walked into a restaurant, ten guys reached for my hat. When I stood up to take a piss, they cleared the rest room. I'd walk down the street and traffic stopped, mouths gaped. You know why? You know why, Frank?
Wow, you represented Dicky Gimble?
To make a long story short, I walk out with a check for a hundred grand and Stokes is sitting there with his thumb up his ass.
Ah! They're beautiful! A perfect batch of cock cookies for a very special rhino.
Right-o-riffic!
See this guy, Frank? Take a good long look, 'cause this prick saved your life. Without him you'd be sitting in Kaplan's right now, sucking club soda through a paper straw.
Don't go anywhere, Smoochy! I'll be right back after I take a dump!
Ever since you came in the restaurant. He can't stop yakkin'.
Don't do it, Shel. You rat on Parade of Hope and you'll be lucky if they find your toenails. These guys are the roughest of all the charities.
It's just that... I want to apologize, actually. And on those rare occasions when I feel the need to apologize for something, it helps if I'm, you know... shit- faced.
I can't believe it. I never met anyone who even remembers Rickets. Do you remember the Klunky-Wunky dance?
Yes. Rainbow Randolph. What a scoundrel! He's probably gay too.
Look, Stokes, let's cut the bullshit. We want Takashi in that Smoochy slot and we're willing to do whatever it takes to get it.
I don't wanna meet no one. I miss Smoochy! He never woulda done the things they say he done. He ain't no Nazi. Someone's making stuff up. I just know it, Tommy. Someone's making stuff up!
Hey, this is private property, creep! And you're trespassing!
I'm not here to aggravate, just educate. I think Mopes might be talking to people he shouldn't be talking to.
Jesus, I got a thing across town.
Right-o-riffic!
No more killin', Shel. Enough's enough. Don't destroy who you are for this piece of shit. You mean something to the kids. Don't take Smoochy away from the kids.Yah, no, I'm sure you are. Shep vouched for you and all. I got every confidence in you fellas.
What're you, nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe.  Not more fuckin' pancakes. Come on.
...Come on, man. Okay, here's an idea. We'll stop outside of Brainerd. I know a place there we can get laid. Wuddya think?
Ya kiddin'!
Say, ya know those two fellas ya put me in touch with, up there in Fargo?
You just prick a little hole in the end and blow!
Ah, shit, the tags...
Yah. And I'll tell you what, from his footprints he looks like a big fella -
- All's I know is, ya got a problem, ya call a professional!
Yah, but think this thing through here, Wade. Ya give 'em what they want, why wont' they let her go? You gotta listen to me on this one, Wade.
Ah, dammit!
Ah, ya got Arbie's all o'er me.
Okay, I want you to tell me what these fellas looked like.
The heck d'ya mean? What a you guys got yourself mixed up in?
Dammit! I wanna be a part a this thing!
Look, Jerry, you're not sellin' me a damn car. It's my show here.  That's that.
Well, it was nothin' specific he said, it just seemd like it all hit him really hard, his wife dyin' -
You should she zhe uzher guy!
Your boobs are bigger.
Uncultured.
About time, you lazy bum.
You guys are just saying that because you’re stoned out of your minds.
What a nutter.
I’m sorry. Sometimes things need to get said. And in those instances being an asshole comes in handy. They lie in silence. Josh kisses Sarah’s shoulder, her neck.
They stand for a moment in silence.
Sight's for shit. He dumps it on the workbench and selects a gorgeous MARKSMAN'S RIFLE from his well-stocked arsenal.
You saved my ass last night, you son
Were you fellas Boy Stouts? You know what the Scouts always say... ? He flicks a switch on another remote. INT.
She. Whatever!
Oh, shit
Poor bastard. CUT TO:
You fraud ! Forty- eight miles a day, my ass! She walks over to Helen and flips back her collar, revealing a shining siernpre viva pin just like her own.
You mean to tell me that any slob in a smelly T-shirt will be able to buy Hudsucker stock?
You!
Ood-gay!
Siddown.
...'schmoe'?
I tell ya the guy's a phony.
Well, do a follow-up: Hoover: Hero or Mama's Boy? The rest of you bums get up off your brains and get me that Idea Man story!
Say, buddy! Where'd ya get the new duds?
...of all the cockamamie...
Yeah, you know, probably one of these fast-talking career gals, thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean.
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes about ever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
I don't tell no one nothin' lessen they ask. Thatches ain't ole Moses' way.
But then I figured it out: they did it 'cause they figured young Norville for an imbecile. Like some othuh people ah know.
'Cause they's little pigglies! They's tryin' to inspire panic, make that stock git cheap so's they can snitch it all up fo' themselves! But Norville, he's got some tricks up his sleeve, he does...
I don't mean that! Why you pretendin' to be such a hard ol' sourpuss! Ain't never gonna make you happy! Never made Warin' happy.
Come on, Chief, that's a low blow. Archer's not gonna go goey for a corn-fed idiot.
The Hipster!
The Hudswinger!
Fellas. Fellas!
Fellas! I got somethin'!
...To our friend the Negro, in the heart of the dark continent.
...You know what those nincompoops in the boardroom are doing?
Well, I wouldn't call them nincom --
I thought you served misfits here!
...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?!
Barman! Set'm up, fella!
...It's a fad.
This you're familia' with.
Cabbies' affair.I'm buying an elecEronics store. SiL on my ass all day, drink sweet Lea and watch dvd's. How abouE it., Danny? Archer
my whole lif 18
American.
The Brit.
--Damn few. They sip.
.Jus' f ire uP de And go where, mahn? you people? chopper and f1y away like We here No, mahn, dis my counCry. you came and long after long 'fore you gone. He stares despair.
But-Archer coming niddle bodies
No it doesn't,. But apart from a few do-gooders who show up for a week with their flak jackels, their faptops, and their little bottles of hand sanit.izer Ehe White world doesn,r give a fuck about the Black world.-Look at Sudan. Look aE Rwanda. Your country loses thirty_four marines in Somalia and then does noehing as a nillion people die. it except p -on picEures of starving childrln rv to flagellate their guilty conscience.
t"Iy friend Fawaz paid an awfully bribe Eo gee you ouE of jail.
TheY IE's started. Hear that? nust've snuck into the city overnight.
Where you blokes gonna sit?
But the Cockney falls The against. Archer, SHOT in the head. car KEEPS MOVING as Archer t.ries Eo reach past. Ehe dead man Before he can gain conErol: and grab Ehe wheel.
you lost your parenLs.
You must understand, MisLer Vandy, Ehac your diamond coufd nive enOed up no place else but wlth usSolomon stares
You have my word. He Looks from Simmons, to t.he ot,her men, back Lo Simmons.
the cusEomsNo, Thelma, I don't give a shit what we have for dinner.  I may not even make it home for dinner.  You know how Fridays are.
Well, he has never let me go.  He never lets me do one goddamn thing that's any fun.  All he wants me to do is hang around the house the whole time while he's out doing God only knows what.
Well, I've had it up to my ass with sedate!  You said you and me was gonna get outta town and, for once, just really let our hair down.  Well, darlin,' look out 'cause my hair is comin' down!
You watch your mouth, buddy.
Only about a hundred people saw you cheek to goddamn cheek with him all night, Thelma!  Who's gonna believe that?!  We just don't live in that kind of world.  Pull over!
Well, if I had to guess, I'd say it was some ol' gal, some ol' gal's husband.  But it wasn't either one of those two.  The tall one, the redhead, she left me a huge tip.
Somebody's butt is gonna bar-b-que.
I called the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he wasn't even home.  I don't know what he's got to be mad about.  I'm the one who should be mad.
Thelma, I'm going to Mexico.  I think I can make it in two and a half days, but I'm going to have to haul ass. Are you up to this?  I mean, I have to know.  This isn't a game.  I'm in deep shit.  I gotta know what you're gonna do.
Friend of mine, owns a club.  Dickie Randall.  You'd know him if you saw him.  His brother was in your class. Terry.
Hold on.  Hold on a minute, damnit.
I just don't see what it would hurt just to give somebody a ride.  Did you see his butt?  Darryl doesn't have a cute butt.  You could park a car in the shadow of his ass.
And whaddya wanna be when ya grow up?
Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole.
It's okay.  He is an asshole.  Most of the time I just let it slide.
Naw, nothin' under peaches neither.
You're a vision, Louise, a goddamn vision of loveliness, you always are.
J.D.!  Just tell me.  I know you're not some schoolboy.  Now come on, nobody ever tells me shit.
Naw, honey, that would be burglary. I never got arrested for burglary. Burglary's for chicken shits.  If you're gonna rob someone, ya just have to go right on up to 'em and do it.  Just take the money.  That's robbery.  That's a whole 'nother deal.
Because he's an inconsiderate asshole.
Come on!  Damnit, get your stuff and let's get out of here!
Now you get a grip, Louise!  Just drive us to Goddamn Mexico, will ya!
Okay.  Shit, Thelma!  What'd you do? I mean, what did you say?
Who's the nut?
Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight better 'n you right now.
Goddamnit, Thelma!  Let me explain something to you.  Right now we have only two things goin' for us.  One, nobody knows where we are, and two, nobody knows where we're going. Now, one of our things that was going for us is gone!
Drive like hell.
I don't care what the damn pioneers ate.  You just keep that shit away from me, now I mean it.
Whatever.
Let me speak to... Slocumbe.
You women are crazy!
It's the Goddamn Grand Canyon!
Oh... shit... She’s face-to-face with a SECOND ALLIGATOR! Not as big as the first. This is a FEMALE.
Now, is he a tall fella? I’m only 5’2”.
Are we being dicks? Should we just keep inviting him? It seems like he really wants to play.
Unlike you psychos, I don’t really give a shit about winning at game night. I don’t need that validation.
Y’know what? I’m gonna take that as a compliment because Donnie was fucking great in “The Sixth Sense.”
Buying the same car does seem like a bit of a “fuck you.” But maybe it was his dream car too.
Not just any murder mystery party. I found this company that does it super-real with legit actors. You won’t know what’s real and what’s fake. Cost me a shit-ton. Fun!
...will bring together what’s mostly white.
Oh, being a dick. He heads out.
I’ll take a Harvey Wallbanger. The bartender looks at him, annoyed. drinks.
‘Cause when you have a kid, you stop living for you and you start living for them. That’s why Brooks has got it made.
Do you have any idea what game night means to us? We don’t come over because we’re dying to play charades and stupid ass children’s shit. We come over because we love you guys.
Please shut up.
Not with that ass you
Such a dick.Well, if you wanna work in the post- office you'll have to stick out your tongue.
You upstart!
Oh yes! -- UPSTART!
I still like UPSTART the best.
He no got it ---
You no gotta no gun.
Nah, dude, this shit’s fun. Let’s scan them in to get a better look. Gilly tosses a few in the scanner. computer.
They still hang women in Canada, I've heard.
You haven't even got your spats on.
I knew him. He was easy to dislike, poor chap.
You nasty, sardonic--
Are you a policeman or a soft-headed nincompoop?
Don't you know we have people down in the district working for us? They might look like tramps to you, and some of them are.  But they have eyes.
Including Killaine.
Why you got attitude?
Well... What’dya think?! “CrawDaddy”!
Um... that’s badass.
...I trained at Stella Adler and booked two commercials before I met Josh, and totally stopped auditioning when I got preggers. Then the move to San Fransisco was like a fucking career killer. The whole thing was supposed to be I would fly out for auditions but that never happened. I put myself on tape for like half a year, but it’s really not the same. You have to be in the room for things to fall into place. A red frisbee falls onto the towel they’re sitting on. Adelaide is startled.
Well I think you’re you.
The damn “Hide-a-key!”
Could they have found a shittier bus? Led Zeppelin insist on a plane.
I don’t want us to repeat ourselves. The same formula, over and over--How boring! We want to capture a hurricane! Paint pictures on an enormous scale, heavy rock foundation, ethereal vocals, different voices, rhythms, keys. Deafen ‘em, blind ‘em, and leave ‘em wanting more. We want to make the greatest fucking album ever made.
Really? Trouble is, Freddie, that’s exactly what every band who comes in here says - minus the “fucking”.
I’m bisexual.
Outside the NOTORIOUS CLUB - FREDDIE and PAUL PRENTER look like GAY CLONE TWINS - mustache, short hair, leathers.
Let’s just say the world in 1981 was so square that no-one who watched this video even guessed Freddie was the least bit gay!
I can’t stand being alone right now. How do I look? My hair is so horrible and still fucking greasy! She regards him, with sympathy - and then softens.
Five. Five minutes. INT. SMALL GAY BAR / LONDON - NIGHT FREDDIE and MARY sit at the BAR, on stools. The room is full of GAY MEN, MARY is the only woman. FREDDIE keeps his CAP on, hiding his identity, as he waits to be picked up.
Oh shut up.
No. I’ll start. I’ll start. I’ve been hideous. I know I have. And I deserve your wrath. I know that. I’ve been a conceited selfish...well, an asshole, basically.
Just fucking with him.
And for me he writes a fucken opera! EXT. LIVE AID/ WEMBLEY STADIUM - DAY WIDE: HERO SHOT of the outside of the ENTIRE STADIUM...as DUST rises like smoke inside, caused by 100,000 people stamping their feet on dry dirt - BOOM-BOOM-CHA!...No I don't got no problem. a job.
Hey Dwayne! This Gentleman thinks we're punks, here to steal.
Rise and shine. Rise and shine. Carpe Diem, seize the day, all that crap. 115
"Aye, Little Buttercup -- and wall called -- for you're the rosiest -the roundest -- and the reddest beauty in all Spithead •• !"
I knew your father from the Mexican c:&11Paign with Gener•l Pershing. We chased that son-of-a-bitch Pancho Villa along the border for two years. I still have th• saddle sores to prove it. Your father was a cold son of a biteh, rest his soul, but smart. He might have ·been President if he'd have married into the ri9ht family ••.
They said you were a serious little bastard that didn't have any sense of humor. There can't be two of you. JAMES
Yeah, he’s a jackass.
So you wanna hear my theory about why he tried to scare the crap out of you?
herself, as:
his fat blue
You klutz!
Ya wanna
A very big ho.
I was watching when you bent down to open the oven, his eyes were glued to your ass.
getting married nuts!
you accusin' me?
t'\dnk about
How much do you wanna your money where your
What the hell, Mike, the boots.
a pretty shitty
God, there's leeches
in and a harassee
American.
get the jack out of my
the foreground with a telephone message. Beyond her we see the wheelctai= fleet corning from the recreation room toward her. As the nursE continues we realize she is moving directly toward Steven. Steven is dressed in a shite hospital gown, the botto~ of which hangs over the front of the wheelchair a~d trails limply on the floor. Both of his legs have been high anputated and te has lost the use of one arm. Eis face is scarred and what expression he displays is centered in his eyes.
[How could I forget it? Tell you the truth, I had it all figured out. After the war, I was going to ask you to marry me. But then you got injured, and Little Wang carried you off and that was the end of that. Sly motherfucker.] Nai Nai blushes and Billi clocks this.She cried, and I hated her for it, because she made me feel bad.  I started dating a girl who everybody said would put out, and Penny went with this asshole Chris Thompson who told me that he had sex with her after something like three dates. How had Penny gone from a girl who wouldn't do anything to a girl who would do everything?
'Morning, Dick.
Public Enemy!  All I'm trying to do is cheer us up.  Go ahead and put on some old sad bastard music see if I care.
How can it be bullshit to state a preference?
Isn't your name Dick?
Yeah.  I'm sorry... Look Dick, Laura and I broke up.  She's gone.  And if we ever see Barry again maybe you can tell him that.
I understand, Dick.
No.  Thanks though, Dick.
Yeah.  I just wanted to thank you for that message last night.  It made me feel like... like less of an asshole.
Mr. I Raymond. "Ray" to his friends, and, more importantly, to his neighbors.  The guy who up until about six weeks ago lived upstairs. I knew it was him the moment I saw the letter.  I start to remember things now: His stupid clothing, his music -- Latin, Bulgarian, whatever fucking world music was trendy that week--stupid laugh, awful cooking smells.  I can't remember anything good about him at all.  I never liked him much then, and I fucking hate him now... I manage to block out the worst, most painful, most disturbing memory of him until I go to bed.
He's in Jamaica with a twenty-three- year-old.  A friend of my daughter's. He had the fucking nerve to call me and ask me to borrow some money and I told him to fuck off, so he asked me to sell his singles collection and send him a check for whatever I go, minus a ten percent commission. Which reminds me.  Can you make sure you give me a five?  I want to frame it and put it on the wall.
It's almost impossible to find, especially on CD.  Yet another cruel trick on all of the dumbasses who got rid of their turntables.  But every other Echo and the Bunnymen album --
Dick, ring the man up...
Records are those big round black things, right?
And number three: The Pregnancy.  I didn't know she was pregnant.  Of course I didn't.  She hadn't told me because I had told her I was... sort of... seeing somebody else.  We thought we were being very grown-up, but we were being preposterously naive, childish even, to think that one of us could fuck around and then own up to it while we were living together.  So -- I didn't find out about it 'til way later.  We were going through a good period and I made a crack about having kids and she burst into tears.  I made her tell me what it was all about, and she did.  I felt guilty and so I got angry.  She told me that at the time I didn't look like a very good long- term bet.  That it was a hard decision and she didn't see any point in consulting me about it...  When the whole sorry tale comes out in a great big --
-- When the whole sorry tale comes out in a great big lump like that, even the most shortsighted jerk, even the most self-deluding and self pitying of jilted, wounded lovers can see that there is some cause and effect going on here, that abortions and Ian and money and affairs all belong to, all deserve each other.
Oh, Rob, shut up.
Awhile back, Dick and Barry and I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you are like...
The Conformist.
To me, it would mean that you're a liar.  You saw it twice.  Once with Laura -- oops -- once with me and Dick.  We had that conversation about the possibilities of the guy making ammo off-screen in the Fourteenth Century.
Because it's a brilliant film.  It's funny, violent, and the soundtrack kicks fucking ass.
Oh come on, Rob.  What am I, an idiot? I'm more bothered by Dick's thing. How did this happen, Dick?  What rational explanation can there possibly be?  What's her name?
Don't worry about it, Dick.  Barry's an asshole.
I wish I could be one of those guys who doesn't call, the kind of guy that gets broken up with and appears not to give a shit.  He doesn't make an ass out of himself, or frighten anybody, and this week I've done both of those things.  One day Laura's sorry and guilty, and the next she's scared and angry, and I'm entirely responsible for the transformation, and it doesn't do my case any good at all.  I'd stop if I could but I --
The fucking Bucktown Pub?  Ha!
You know that I can cook my ass off when I feel like it.
I wish your penis was as big as his, though.
Whatever.
Barry and Dick and me.  Look in the bedroom.
How are you not going to fall for someone who wants to interview you? Now Caroline is all I can think about. And in the daydreams I imagine every detail, the entire story of our future relationship, until suddenly I realize that there's nothing left to actually, like, happen.  I've done it all, lived through it all in my head.  I know the whole plot, the ending, and the good parts.  Now I'd have to watch it all over again in real time, and where's the fun in that?  And fucking--when is it all going to stop?  Am I going to jump from rock to rock for the rest of my life until there aren't any rocks left?  Am I going to bolt every time I get itchy feet?  Because I get them about once a quarter, along with the store's tax bill.  I've been thinking with my guts since I was fourteen years old and, frankly speaking, I've come to the conclusion that my guts have shit for brains.  You know what's wrong with Laura, what my problem is?  What's wrong with Laura is that I'll never see her for the first or second or third time.  That's all. Fuck it.  I'll probably mail the tape.  Probably.
Fireman shit?
Ah man, if you're gonna bribe your way into a station, why not 17 with me and your brother?
Y'know, I told myself a million times I didn't want to be a fireman. I said bullshit to that line about tradition and family legacy. I know I split, and I know how you felt...
Goddamn it, Stephen...
Don't you fold on me now, man.
Goddamn it Stephen!
Could you believe that fire? Man! First day! There I was, Adcox and me, pullin' that lady right out of the fire's fuckin' throat! I love it here -- No surround and drown for this company. Fighting 17th! Goddamn Stephen's amazing. You see how he took that fire by the balls? I'm gonna be that good some day, you watch.
Y'know what Stephen said to me, right when all the shit was coming hard? "You never know till the moment the fire stares you down if you're just gonna do this job or be great at it".
Hey Stevie, he's an asshole...
You're crazy, man!
Goddamn it, Stephen, lay off!
Kind of an asshole, wasn't he?
Run, damn you!
Hey, Bri... Rimgale's okay. I don't get half the shit he's talking about, but then everybody says the same thing about me. Who the hell knows?
Son of a bitch tears 'em apart just to eat the oxygen. Wouldn't take much at all to melt ten gauge wire. Problem's burnt magnesium leaves a powder trace -- unless you could find something that would eat its residue.
Jesus, give him a break. There isn't enough proof yet to go public. Sure, we found some chemical shit we think somebody dumped in the plugs to torch 'em, and we've maybe figured out why backdrafts, but you can't rush this stuff. Not 'till it's locked.
When are you going to catch the prick that's doing this, Don?
Swayzak's up to his ass in this somehow. Guy can barely hold a drink in his hand, he's so scared.
-- I tried, y'know? Helen's right. I don't have all the answers, but goddamn it, I've got some.
Aw man, Stephen, listen to me...
-- You can't let him turn you against your friends, man --
Goddamn it don't you die now... Not now!Y'all wanna hear a story about why me & this bitch here fell out???????? It’s kind of long... but it’s full of suspense. Twitter whistle.* ** An aural device used to pay homage when a line in the script is identical to one of @_zolarmoon’s tweets.
Your ma had 6 kids? 6 girls. Damn!
I said who’s all goin.
He be doin’ the funniest shit Zola.
Clean your butt. Lyrics on radio kick in.
That place look like it got roaches.
You know I got you girl.
Makin’ money.
Where you told him your girl work?
Well- then- looks like I’m sittin’ my ass right here.
That’s the most real I would ever give you, you get a whole ass 100 on that. Perfect score. Derrek and Stephanie not clocking Zola at all.
Somethin’ to do.
Abegunde Ola-wa-le.
I'ma make shit like this.
Yo- I was hopin’ I could get butt. Zola still on the phone.
It’s 4 dudes.
The bastard wouldn't do what he was told, Johnny. .Pete? Homer?
We been looking to snatch two fellas. One's a St. Paul banker, Ed Bremer. Need a few more hands.
Where you from, Billie? She turns her right ear towards him. She's deaf in her left ear.
Real good. I work for Mr. Nitti now. Been with him since I got out of Michigan...
Sober and educated, Nitti glances in their direction but has no interest.
Well, goddamn it, you don't need a crystal ball...! Ask Homer.
What keeps you up, nights, Mr. Dillinger? Now Dillinger reads him like an X-ray.
To go on trial in 10 days would be a legal lynching of this lad! There's a law against lynching!
D'Andrea pulls out piece of paper and a pen. Dillinger looks at him like he's crazy. Then he signs the autograph.
How'd you find this place? Dillinger looks at Wanetka. He's uneasy. He trusts nothing about it.
Come back here, help me, you son of a bitch! Homer doesn't. He's gone. The Packard hurtles towards him, screeches, skids sideways, stops!
He puts his bloody hand in Dillinger's.
.which the example of Public Enemy Number One has helped push through Congress. It will make all criminal enterprise across state lines a federal crime... Nitti's hand picks up a telephone and dials. He puts the earpiece next to his ear. And he blows up.
You love him, don't you? She touches his arm. He looks back at the house.
See ya, Blackie.
Now wait just a damn minute.
Your use of language has altered since our arrival. It is currently laced with -- shall I say -- more colorful metaphors: "Double dumb ass on you" -- and so forth...
Do whales attack people -- like in "Moby Dick"?
Attempting the hell to communicate.
Come on, fellah -- speak up!
They like you very much. But they are not the hell your whales.
Where're you fellahs heading? Kirk eyes her, keeps walking.
A landlubber. Come on, what the hell were you boys really trying to do back there? Was it some kinda macho thing? If that's all, I'm gonna be real disappointed. I hate that macho type.
Well now, he's got himself in a bit of a snit, don't he.
Sl'EVE
plays from a radio in the backgrotmd. O'BANNON
I think some asshole got drunk and started taking this htmdred year business a lit:le too seriously
FATHERMALONE
Loretta-- when I get out of this butt-hole of a town, I sure as shit won't be heading for Des Moines. She hops up onto the bar, spins around on her butt, one leg up in the air like a Varga girl, then hops down on the other side then gets back to work.
Like I said, LOOK BUT DON'T TOUCH! ALEXIS, drag queen/door whore, also in full costume and make- up, TOSSES a GUY out the front door onto the street, then heads back inside-- Ali smiles to herself. Then turns back to look at COCO who disappears inside a BACK DOOR as...NIKKI walks out. Lights a ciggie. She has on full make-up. Lacquered lips. Lashes like peacock feathers. She sees Ali staring.
So Asshole's a regular?
A black AmEx! The backstage pass to life! He sees Coco walking by, swipes the AmEx in her cleavage. She shudders, then turns around and tips her ass up at him. He swipes the card again.
Probably. She bolts out to the living room, starts digging through her bag, bent over. She's in the doorway, so from the kitchen, all he can see is her cute little ass sticking out.
There's a towel in the bathroom-- dry yourself and that damn cat off.
Congratulations. The last time someone showed Tess balls like that, she married him.
What about the "God damn" cat?
Save your ass?
Who knew any white chick could sing like that? You channeled that shit.
How the hell do you do that, girl?
No. You cannot say that to me. I can eat these "sky is falling" dipshits for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but not YOU. You cannot be that person. I've scoured dirty flea markets for costumes, stayed up all night sewing till my fingers bled, painted and repainted every goddamn wall of this place myself.
Aren't you the sly puss.
Marcus the Asshole?
Look again. The only thing major is the size of your ass. Nikki walks off-- Scarlett pick up the paper, looks closer-- Ali enters, dance bag over her shoulder, running late. The
You'll have to move all your shit.
Jesus, Jack, what is your problem? Ever since I started hanging out with Marcus, you've been acting like a class-A prick. Is there something you want to say?
We all fight. Bitch. Love and hate. And then make up. Just like sisters.
Now get your cute little ass and big ole' voice up on stage, cause this is Burlesque, baby girl, where the women are always on top, and the men like it that way. Like I've always said --Goddammit Charlie! together.
What’s “shit?”
--or streaming or something and you are fucking HOT in that movie.
Because you show your tits.
She was addicted to Tums for a while. Jay stares at him.
Complete unknown. And I was the hot shit you know, young and very sexy with this great head of hair.
Why “fuck?”
You have to buckle the seat in, man, it’s the law.
There’s a long silence.
Don’t ever say that. People don’t accept a mother who drinks too much wine and yells at her child and calls him an asshole. I get it. I do it too. While she talks she also texts and addresses emails on her phone.
No. If we just stand around and wait for him to come to us, we give him an open window to kill again. We have to find him first before he can hurt anybody else. We have one order of business. And that's to hunt this son of a bitch down.
Ease up, Dirty Harry. Before you kill someone.
But every single day, I shit you not, he'd just sit at that same bedroom window, starring out at nothing, for God only knows how long. I always used to wonder what it was he would see out of that window. People in school always said he was a weird kid. I just always thought he was shy or a little bit slow, you know?
Holy shit... Frank?! Frank, what happened?! Hawkins, tears in his eyes, looks to Deputy Sully, rage fills within.
Because last I checked, you hate my singing. And last I checked, you ain't no Marvin Gaye.
What the fuck, man?! SCREEECHHH!!! The car LUNGES FORWARDS. Tommy jumps to the side, out of the way. The car turns around the corner-BOOM! The sounds of the car crashing...
So the woman's having a barbecue and the fire department came and shut her ass down. Big deal.
Please. I'm a grown ass man, I think I can put together a toy helicopter.
Ha! That's right. Who needs those twenty year old millennial kids when I can do this shit in my sleep.
Ohhh. Look at the little smart ass over here.
This is some messed up shit, man. What are the chances alone that he would break out on the fortieth anniversary? It's like these prison workers want him to escape, transferring him now. LINDSEY
Sartain. Michael's doctor. Fucker stabbed me and drove Michael to your house with Allyson. That's why I'm here. He was never after you. She realizes.
Dick Licker.
Butt picker.
Hah! Repeat! Ass and butt! You lose. Looks over at Trish and smiles. She too. They need a smile about now.
Darry what in the Holy Hell are you doing down there?!
Say something Darry, you're scaring the shit out of me! Darry starts up again. His sister reaching down toward him: Slow crane up: moving above the pipe and above the church. High enough to look down the lonely two-lane: And see a van headed toward them in the distance... Darry reaches up for his sister's hand as the PIPE SHRIEKS AGAIN. More soot dislodging. Running past him. Shhh!!!
Remember? I got spanked and taught about not putting dirty little things in my mouth? Remember? What a nasty little bitch you were? She smiles at him as much as she's able. Darry thinking he's cheered her up. But her eyes well with tears as quickly and she says in a frightened whisper:
More like a pervert.
He did have a nice ass.
About Goddamned time. Trish, Darry and Jezelle staring up at them. Lots of activity suddenly. Officers everywhere moving around in the semi-dark.
Goddammit stop!!! You stop right fucking there!!! The Creature raises his human shield over his head. Before the men can fire at his exposed chest --hurls the Officer at them. But this is no ordinary throw -the man is rocketing down the corridor as if propelled out of a catapult. Men are diving out of his way. One taken out completely. Tumbling down the corridor with him and smashing into a glass trophy case. IT CRASHES NOISILY TO THE GROUND ON TOP OF THEM. GLASS AND
Motherfucker!!!!! But instead Trish stares out the back windows of the van. Watching the dazed Creature raising his head. Staring after them as they get further and further away. Darry guns the engine. The van is really moving now. Roaring away from the Sheriff’s building and down the empty two lane.
You trying to be a bad-ass, Pogue?
Hey, Pogo -- don't keep him all to yourself. Come on over, Lambert, join the group. We'll buy you dinner, give you a medal for saving Pogo's ass.
Why the hell not?
This time we got his ass.
Jason from "Friday the 13th" wears one. He's bad ass.
Why were you saving piss?
Free country, asshole.
Finally, someone with balls.
Ha ha, you suck.
Goodnite.
You'll be doing me a favor. Chocolate gives you zits. Besides, if I want to keep this firm ass as an adult, I gotta develop good eating habits now.
Whatever.
I screw around.
Can George his ass?
Son of a gun_! I wondered why my damn foot hurt all day. Isn't that something? I must have walked eight miles with that in my shoe.
a blabbermouth.
a blabbermouth.
You're a blabbermouth.
You know, Del, I'd rather shoot arrows out my ass than disappoint you or a friend of yours but I'm booked solid. I got three of those fat gals sharing a single as it is. One twin and two cots and them cots are really built for youngsters. Neal
Those New York hot guilty.
I'm bushed.
a realist.
St. Louis into Chi is booked tighter than Tom Thumb's ass. It's Thanksgiving.
whoever
crack your
American
You gonna have your
Put your balls into it! NEAL
ass this
Give me a hand with this damn thing. I don't
you fellas
let you fellas vehicle.
You fellas don't Not
I love it when you talk dirty.
What're you laughin' at, Junior G- Man? She got off four rounds to your two.
Now then. What did Miggs say to you?
Miggs has been murdered.
That doesn't interest me, Doctor. And it's the sort of thing Miggs would ask.
Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you?
Preeeeecious...! C'mon, boy, nice yummy bone... c'mon, you little shit...
It's Pembry, now talk to him, God dammit.
Hot damn, Clarice.
You come here this minute, you little scamp!
You know Mick, just
What do I look like, a pimp!? Bob says he's looking for hungry,
So -- and correct me if I'm wrong here -- the sooner this bimbo shuts up and gets her knees behind her ears, the happier Bob's going to be, am I right? Bob is
One of the knot of men, JIM, has crowding in real close, whispering drunk. Tess turns to them.
Reewy thorry.
your mitts
Romano.
You want another another girl.
Screwing
you over
Hey, don't be sorry. Crashing a wedding, that kind of balls, this business loves that stuff.
It's just that •.. when I met you at that party, and you were dressed to kill and we had a pop and I thought -- now here's one who's not in overdrive, doesn't take it so goddamn seriously
C'mon, Jack •.. get the hell here ...
What we have here is an agreement in principle. As to what constitutes principles in this day and age, well, that's for you barracudas to fight over.
I'm saving your ass here, Jack.
... cut your save your ass. losses, screw her, That's not me. Or at least, it didn't used to be. So I'm gonna go bury that on a beach somewhere, and whenYou young rascals! A merry hunt you've led us on, and now we find you feasting and smoking.
No! Not! Never!! Smeagol hates nasty Hobbitses! Smeagol wants to see them dead!
Never! Smeagol wouldn't hurt a fly! He's a horrid, fat Hobbit who hates Smeagol and who makes up nasty lies!
Fool of a Took!
Goes back years. They’re both prickly bastards.
Rick giving you his no hero shit speech?
Would have been here sooner. Takes for bloody ever getting all the permits. He looks round at the crowded and busy site in amazement.
Fucking brilliant. He changes the boy’s oxygen bottle.
We bloody did it!
There we go. Alright Tito, well done. Remind not to mess with you. Sit down everybody. Dial it down.
Damn dude, that's brutal.
Shit, Bradford. The stuff you don't know amazes me.
I'm your brother, man.
Koba just pounding on Brendan Conlon! He's pounding on him like a side of beef!
Oooh.   That's jacked up.
Oh shit!! Yeah, you got me with that one.
Shhh. Shut up.
I told your butt to come.
Look, I'm not gay--but if I was gay I might talk to her.
This joint hurts, man. I'ma go take it off.
--ask yo' wife how she likes me!
Free, don't pay him no mind. Just talkin' trash.
Just more underground stuff. None of that crap they play on the radio.
Yo, this shit is hot!
Lucky as hell.
Wassup man.
Whatchu got, Ty?
Mom, stoppit please!?
YEAH I'M GAY!!
Red's in the head, man.
Don't fight me, man. Let me git it out.
Malcolm, look at them. Have you ever seen white breasts like these?
Am I the first white woman you've been with?
Shhhh! I don't like women that talk.
All them books you read and you still don't know nuthin.
This Mick is tough.
Who is he, man?
Only where'd you get them goddam vines.
You got any money.
Sometimes you got a big ugly mouth.
You know that gal?
If she got eyes, she do.
Thanks. You got it. Who's beating on you, Red? You looking a little up tight.
My father's skull, on one side was crushed in, and then laid across some tracks, for a streetcar to run him over. His body was cut almost in half. My father, Earl Little lived two and a half hours in that condition. Negroes were stronger than they are now.
Man, I'm glad we got you out of there. With West Indian Archie on your ass, your name on the wire -- Boston the best goddam place in the world for you -- things are too hot and it's not even summer.
I'll stake you, baby. I got my band. I'm blowing great sax. Hell, you ain't even heard us --
victims of whitey's social order.
I'm half wop, half nigger and ain't afraid of no one.
You name it, feller.
Jesus Christ, Homey, you are nuts.
Man, you better get off me.
You the only cat don't come on with that "Whatcha know, daddy" jive; and you don't cuss none.
I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind.
I read. I study. Because the first thing a black man has to do is respect himself. Respect his body and his mind. Quit taking the white man's poison into your body: his cigarettes, his dope, his liquor, his white woman, his pork.
You got to learn everything the white man says and use it against him. The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words. It's buried there. You got to dig it out.
Then give me a butt.
The first men on earth were black. They ruled and there was not one white face anywhere. But they teach us that we lived in caves and swung from trees. Black men were never like that.
We were a race of kings when the white men went around on all fours.
I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.
Come on up here, man, and give us some skin. Here's a man, brothers and sisters, who shot up with me, who robbed with me, and did time in the white devil's jailhouse. Stand up, Shorty, and be counted --
Come on, baby. I don't pay that shit no mind.
What's your name, feller?
But you can't see him. You ain't his lawyer.
Watch your tongue, boy.
Before there were any such things as Democrats or Republicans, we were black. Before there were any such things as Masons or Elks, we were black. Before there were any such things as Jews or Christians, we were black people. In fact long before there was ever any such place as America, we were black people... And after America has long passed from the scene there will still be BLACK PEOPLE.
The white people who are guilty of white supremacy try and hide their own guilt by accusing the Honorable Elijah Muhammad of teaching black supremacy when he tries to uplift the mentality, the social, and economic condition of black people in this country. And the Jews, who have been guilty of exploiting the black people economically, civilly, and otherwise, hide their guilt by accusing the Honorable Elijah Muhammad of being anti-Semitic simply because he teaches our people to go into business for ourselves and trying to take over the economic leadership in our own community. The black people in this country have been the victims of violence at the hands of the white man for 400 years, and following the ignorant Negro preachers, we have thought that it was God-like to turn the other cheek to the brute that was brutalizing us. 100 years ago they use to put on a white sheet and use a bloodhound against Negroes. Today they've taken off sheets and put on police uniforms, they've traded in the bloodhounds for police dogs. And just as Uncle Tom back during slavery used to keep the Negroes from resisting the bloodhounds or resisting the Ku Klux Klan by telling them to love their enemy or pray for those who use them as spitefully today. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad is showing black people that just as the white man and every other person on this earth has God given rights, natural rights, civil rights, and any other kind of rights that you can think of when it comes to defending himself.
Mr. X is a demagogue. He has no place to go, so he exaggerates. He's a disservice to every good law-abiding Negro in the country. Can I ask you a question?
For the white man to ask the black man if he hates him is just like the rapist asking the raped, or the wolf asking the sheep, "Do you hate me!" The white man is in no moral position to accuse anyone of hate.
-- you must know that historically there are two kinds of slaves. House Negroes and Field Negroes. The house Negro lived in the big house; he dressed pretty good; he ate pretty good and he loved the master. Yeah, he loved him more than the master loved himself. If the master's house caught fire, he'd be the first to put the blaze out. If the master got sick, he'd say: "What's a matter, boss; we sick?" WE sick! If someone said to him, "Let's run away and escape. Let's separate." He'd say, "Man, are you crazy? What's better than what I got here?" That was the House Negro. In those days he was called the House Nigger. Well, that's what we call them today because we still got a lot of House Niggers running around.
Thank you. Now the Negro in the field caught hell all day long. He was beaten by the master; he lived in a shack, wore castoff clothes and hated his master. If the house caught fire, he'd pray for a wind. If the master got sick, he'd pray that he'd die. And if you said to him, "Let's go, let's separate", he'd yell, "Yeah, man, any place is better than this." You've got a lot of Field Negroes in America today. I'm one.
Mr. X, I've read some of your speeches and I honestly believe a lot of what you say has truth to it. I have a good heart. I'm a good person despite my whiteness. What can the good white people like myself, who are not prejudiced, or racist, what can we do to help the cause?
If you don't know, man, then I feel sorriest for you.
In the soil of America the white man planted the seeds of hate. He allowed the weeds that sprang up to choke the life out of thousands of black men.
I believe the true practice of Islam can remove the cancer of racism from the hearts and souls of white Americans.
Has the white man changed since I went away? Have you put up your guns? The day you stop being violent against my people will be the day I tell folks to put away their guns.
Git your hand out of my pocket!
Let sincere white individuals find other white people who feel as they do and teach non-violence to those whites who think and act so racist.
Good. We need you. I recognize you, don't pay them folks no never mind, you keep on doing what you doing.
Fine. Good. Go! But the next time you all pig out, be aware... You are what you eat!
Left... Left... Right... Right... Bingo! Now point this fucking thing south, son! EXT. NORTHERN UNIVERSITY - DAY The car hurls away from the school. Let the road trip begin!
Oh, fuck you, Corndog! That's witty.
Butt Pirates, come and get it!
She's not your type, dude. Trust me.
Judas priest! If we ain't got us two more Yanks for the Festival! And a Negra and a Chinaman to boot!
I got my eye on that perty one with them legs leading up to them tender buttocks!
Actually, if Miss Pussy Kat is willing, the sun sure looks mighty nice reflectin' on the lake right 'bout now...
Miss Pussy Kat is more than willing.
You know, dude, I never knew you were Southern.
You sure un-learned that shit fast! Cory leans over and hi-fives.
Well, gosh, Miss Pussy...
Damn. Feisty little fella.
Frankly, Miss Pussy, I don't give a damn. With that, Harper pulls an antique pistol from his waistband. BAM! Startled, the horses gallop off in four opposite directions, taking with them Kat's arms and legs which are violently torn from their lengthened sockets!!! Yee haw!
Why, Nelson, I'm surprised at you. What happened to bros before hoes?
I thought you said bros before hoes? Nelson slumps on the steps in defeat. Trailing Cory, the rest of the gang parades past him and up the stairs.
Then suck, Mister Man!!!
Does the Pope shit in the woods? Huh? Whatever. The girls hold out their arms. Cory takes them both and exits down the hall. INT. MALCOLM AND LEAH'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
Hucklebilly, dumb ass! Can't you Northern folks get nuthin' right? Clutching his sack, Hucklebilly darts out of the room. The now completely stoned group cracks up.
You are a shine rough. But under them harsh Northern exteriors, I suppose you gals oughta clean up real good!
You, sir, are a pig.
...it's your maker, now, bitch, you'll have to face! Granny Boone tugs hard on the cord. The five ton bell drops from above, flattening Leah like a gory pancake. Entrails spray everywhere. With deft panache, the girls open their parasols to block the shower.
Damn, that China Woman had a lot of guts!
I swear I didn't enjoy myself none with that fella, Pappy!
I was just back at my room. My pager and cell are fucking gone. Kat's nowhere to be found. That's not like her. She would never just disappear. And where the hell is your good old buddy, Nelson?
The boy wants his bitch. Yeah, the boy wants his bitch. Sad, sad thing, a boy without his bitch. And then they stop. Smile. Point. Malcolm turns to see the familiar leather clad-form of Leah up ahead on the path. Her long, black hair blows in the breeze as she playfully dodges into the thicket, GIGGLING. Malcolm grins. Relieved.
Whoa, that's a cool ass wristband you got there.
That city girl's got more ballsack then you two flapjacks combined!
What in God's name you talkin' about?
UAC doesn't want us tripping over a buncha civilians while we clean up another one a their goddam messes.
Hell you are.
Look, I know I haven't been -SAM It's all right, I know how busy you've been kicking ass with Sarge and being all you can be.
Hernandez, get your ass over to the residential unit to assist with evac.
Plus y'can't see shit to either side. John smiles. Then there's a SPLASH -- and The Kid tenses as John turns -- sees that Goat tripped on some debris, is all.
I gotta take a piss.
Hey Portman! How long does it take to take a piss?
Maybe you're not gay after all.
You can't take your eyes off his butt.
Hey, dude. Yeah. You.
Dude, did you piss in your pants?
The only one coming is you, dude.
In my other pants.
You dork!
Dude, if I tell you, I have to kill you.
“To shower, you scrub your ass with sand,” my Lord. That’s what they say.
You’re Fremen.
You were right. Hawat smiles proudly.
My God, man, you’ve gone native.
Get out of my house, Zorgon!She has robes and she has monkeys Lazy diamond studded flunkies She has wisdom and knows what to do She has me and she has you
Have you ever seen God? -- a mandala. A symmetrical angel. Felt? Yes. Fucking the Sun. Heard? The music. Voices. Touched? An animal. Your hand Tasted? Rare meat, corn, water and wine
You can't quit, you gotta voice. People can't dig cause they don't understand yet.
You quit now, they'll yank your deferment in no time and they'll get you for Vietnam man. Three more months you graduate.
Yeah whadday you think?
Vietnam's right out there. Sides are being chosen. People wanna fight or fuck, love or kill, everything's gonna flame. The planet's screaming for change, Morrison. Make the myths man!!
Hey the music? I love it man, that's why we're talking right? Some of it's a little on the dark side though. Ya know ya oughta get some tunes like Herman's Hermits stuff -- "Mrs. Brown you got a lovely daughter". That shit goes right to the radio man.
What a sleaze! Man, Jim's gotta start facing the crowd if he's gonna be the front man.
Bertold Brecht, cabaret and rock. Give me a fucking break. You guys are amazing! Let's go make a record.
Hey, is that asshole gonna pay us?
...a scapegoat maybe -- I take on the audiences' fantasies, obeying their impulses. When the impulses are destructive, I'm destructive. It's kinda like sucking the puss out of a rattlesnake, something like that.
Have you bothered to read the poetry ma'm? You keep denying that anything good can come from L.A., I mean isn't that kind of a provincial attitude? That Bob Dylan's the only poet cause he's from the East Coast, but you won't even look past Jim's goddamn looks at the words man!
Love your movies man. What a great penis...
Hey I met this chick Lynne, she wants to be alone.
Uh... nuthin'
Well I was with this girl backstage, y'know. We got to talking and we wanted some privacy, so we went into this shower stall. We weren't doin' anything y'know jes' standing there and talking.
And he said -- "Whatcha doin' there?" I said, "nuthin'" and he said, "Well you better get outta there or..." "Or what" I asked him...
Say your thing man!
...imagine me and Morrison in a fuckin movie together, can you imagine two powerful two-fisted Irish fucking drinking guys in a movie, in a documentary movie!!
I'll direct the shit out of it, man. Dennis Hopper can do it, I can do it.
Awright shaddup Morrison, just cause you don't gotta work.
No Ma I ain't drinking.
You're not gonna drink any more are you Jim.
No Ma I ain't.
So you the white boy makin' all that money.
Where the hell did she go?
Goddamit Jim! We missed one already, we gotta get this one man!
If your name is Rita, then yor ol man must be ol man Rita!!
That ol man Riva, he just keep rolling along!
Great tits.
Wrong. I just want the pure beauty of absolute zero and sing the blues man -- do nuthin, go nowhere, just be.
With that waistline Jimbo you got no choice.
Screwdrives-her.
Come on man.
It'd be a fucking genius, that's what it'd be! You and me. The child would be a god, goddess!
Bullshit Morrison
Well uh, it's designed to wear you down y'know... when that rap sheet says the "United States of America versus You" it takes you down day by day, specially when no one really gives a shit about, y'know, the First Amendment that's on trial here... Nobody says anything about that, it's just uh did you take your pants off y'know, I mean that's not what it's about, it's about freedom, that's what it's about... but who cares, right? Freedom exists in a schoolbook.
Jesus Jim, this guy really despises you.
You really gonna live in Paris man?
Well far as I'm concerned, Jim, I made music with Dionysus man. We had some moments on stage like no one will ever fucking know.
I wanna be your wife
I don't know man, I don't wanna sound like your old man but you're only 27, you're living like you gotta get it all in, you gotta slow down man, you did it, you broke thru to the other side.
ALL NITE LONGthat craziness you speak of, Freddie, shows them to us.
Arne, you old tramp! When did you get back? What are you doing here?
You don't like her!
I got a lot of respect for a guy that's doin' what he's got to do -- even if may be it's killin' him. Now you got no mother back in Ireland like I have --
No hurricane comin' up 'round here, young fella.
Land's End Light! Ain't ben no one there sence they gave up walin' round these parts - back wen I wuz a young- un. Cain't think o' any reason 't all anybuddy'd want ter go out there now. Kin you, Will?
N-o-o... Never heard tell o' Cal rent'n 'is bote.
My pa's gut a trim lil' bote.
Know how ter handle a bote, young fella?
Then mebbe y'ought ter see Eke. I've heard tell how he rents his bote -- sometimes --
Think Eke'll rent 'is bote?
Could durn near buy a new one fer wut yer payin' me. But I don't see how yer figger t' git 'er out termorrer in all this muck.
Know 'er!... Queer now, ye should ask me thet. I shan't never fergit 'er till the day I die... Did ye know 'er?
While we all gorge that shit, she gave hers up to Baby Brother Nico, saving his life. Everyone is stunned by this revelation. Tala smiles at her
Kind of hot though. They share a smile. Locked in. She feels it, he feels it, sparks fly, Misty climaxes, shit’s getting real. Connection. EXT. DESERT - ON TOP OF A BOULDER - NIGHT Nyles and Sarah make out on top of a small boulder, not far from the party. Sarah keeps trying to untie Nyles’ board shorts but they’re double knotted.
You being a dick to Daisy? It takes a patient soul to put up with pricks like us.
No, real acts of selflessness. The bone marrow shit Tala does. She looks around at the various people at the taco stand.
None of this concerns me. The who, what, why of your past. You got here, that’s all that matters. You ate some Twix and pooped it out. No need to sift through the shit.
You just killed a guy.
The dude just couldn’t hang. Abe snorts another line.
Shit, man, I’m not without my demons. Don’t crucify me. Things change. Priorities... change. Nyles stares at the kid, unpacking all of this. Roy picks up on Nyles’ troubled mental state.
Hey. At least you have each other. Can’t imagine anything worse than going through this shit alone. Nyles stops pushing, hit with the reality that they don’t have each other anymore... He does have to go through this shit alone. Madison looks back at Nyles.
Yeah. Crazy, right? So, get through today, don’t do anything too crazy, and tonight, meet me at the cave so we can peace the fuck out of this shithole. Sarah checks her dress in the armoire mirror. Nyles sits on the bed, processing. Did she actually find a way out?
That’s what love’s all about! Sane people don’t fall in love, don’t be so afraid of it. I’m not going to fuck you over. And if you get mad at me again, just take a few years off and then come back. We’ll still have our youth.
Goddamnit. What is it, Nyles?
You’ll spook the hell out of him. He wants to be anonymous.
"Fill your hand, you son of a bitch!" He smiles broad and opens the pistol to invite a handshake. Raleigh takes it and nods firmly.
What? No. All that shit slows you down. The Mark-2’s all gigawatts. Light as a thunderbolt. Raleigh smirks and checks the ball to Duc.
And in times of crisis, for some people, that part takes over. It just sweeps all the petty crap away and grabs the wheel...
The punks are running flares.
The punks arrive at the warehouse. knock, they just charge in through door Tina went in.
fuck didn't
The six punks hurry cemetery. A tree
The six punks come through the main gate, and Casey POINTS across to the other side of the cemetery,
Christ
CORPSE
So what are we gonna do, just stand around here beating our meat till the corpses kick their way in? Man, they ain't no way we can stop those things! We gotta get out of here! BURT
We can't do anything else! They would've turned the goddamn car over! We'll have to send help! Mister, those back there!
Open the door and let the thing out. I'll knock its goddamn block off. CUT TO: INTERIOR - ATTIC OF MORTUARYI can’t stop you dicks from hanging out here but quit wrinkling all the magazines!
It’s normal to not touch a penis.
What you did was very baller, very anarchist.
Anyone want to guess who this woman is? Hands shoot up.
Oh, shit, no, I’m... wait.
You look like a bad ass girl in a band. This makes Lady Bird feel pretty amazing. Then a car horn honks. It’s Kyle. He literally honks.
Misre •.. Get the guards. I want "That'll be the day," and his friends off my lot! Your asses have just been streamlined. The Three Amigos are history! Sam presses a button under the desk. Six studio guards enter the office and and amidst a volley of protestation, the Amigos are hustled out of the office.
Well, you dirt eating piece of slime. You scum-sucking pig. You son of a motherless goat. The slow burn from El Guapo. Who are you?
Gonna take her for sure.
••• of many small villages. THE HELL ARE YOU?
You!
You'll kill us all!
At least somebody likes this shit.
Sam? Andy gave Sam a nice big desk to park his fat ass behind.
Sure as hell have met a few assholes like that, though.
Hey, I'm with you on that one, my man. Prick.
So you called the damned thing Elvis
you do not shoot your mouth off.
Look...I got two tons of the world's nastiest ice cream sittin' in a truck that should've been retired ten years ago. That shit will be worthless by noon.
ass.
Damn.
Look, I don't give a shit if you go through Missoula at a hundred miles an hour. We're goin' to McGruder.
You're nuts, goin' back there!
Missoula's reporting the refrigerator truck as a stolen vehicle. I told you Mason was walking shit.
Probably because they know a psycho when they hear one.
Well, shit. Could be worse. I mean, we're both up shit's creek, but at least we have a paddle.
Hang on to your ass, Missoula!
Damn.
Colonel, sir, who the hell is this guy?
We're the shit.
Stop limpin' around like that.
Your parents don't hate you. Look at this room in this big 'ole house you got.
I don't want to be a slut.
You're such a hippie all of sudden.
Hey! The video-man. I remember that shit when we was in together. Said you video-ed everything.
Yeah, man! Fuckin' high five.
He's not my uncle. He's not anybody's uncle. People just call him that. He's the one I told you about from the nut house.
Fuck... Woah, that's cool.
Yo, Jimmy.     Is your girl into chicks?
How's this? You getting good camera angles and shit?
Turn her ass towards the camera.
Fuck yeah!
Do you Jimmy promise to always fuck Judy with enthusiasm, to take a shower once a day, and promise not to inject your penis into any part of another person's body as long as you both shall live?
Come on. Let's go across the street and get a shit burger.
Shhhh. Shut up.
We got like thirty five trailers here. Long as we've got some that's empty you can stay in one. Sometimes people come in and we got get you a tent or-- fuck, everybody's friendly--- you can always find a bed to crash in.
It don't look like much but we do some pretty good partying around here. Ya'll are welcome to stay as long as ya like. Fuck it, you can stay forever. There's only two rules. Don't mess around with the labs which are down back there...
Woah... No filming that shit. Seriously. That's part of rule number one.
Nice piece of ass you got here. Best you keep an eye on it so it don't wander off on ya.
What a lecherous lot
Ah, you swinging young marrieds. He leaves.
You. look like a gargoyle. Poor, dumb Archie. I'm all mixed up sexually. Old Mum's a prostitute. The oldest professional lady in 0 all Bristol. Mavis, too, my sister. But I mean she's not a landmark yet.
It's still better than being out there in the dark, all by your goddam lonesome! Nobody has a life anymore. Quicksand, It scares me. What do you want, Archie?
Choose a subject. Ice cubes. Any damn thing. Take either side. Talk for thirty seconds against ice cubes.
Polo is none of your damned business.
Archie, we are from two different worlds. We've got nothing to agree on. Except one thing. You're a lonely screwed up mess. 0 Archie, I'm trying to save you. You're a very special man.
Who beat you up?
Petulia,you're turning me into a nut. Why hasn't David been here?
Then he stops, He knows what screwball.
conceited big-city
Okay, break it up! Pipe All of you!
ass.
Oka y, Mr. Haverc a mp, try looking at the ball this time . Mrs. Havercamp, you've g ot your clubface turn e d around again. The old
'Al, if you keep bustin' your hump sixteen, twenty hours a day, you're gonna wind up with a sixty million buck funeral for yourself.'
Spaulding needs some balls.
Look s lik e Noonan's up to in boogers.
ya about thirty,
Who's the pooch?
And rou tell Ty Webb that gunning for him. If he's good, I want to see it.
Mary Margaret Mag the Hag, another bag?
They ruined Morocco, man. No one goes there anymore -- too many plastic hippies.
Who the hell plays golf with eyes closed, anyway!
You shave your ass! CUT TO
Noonan, D'Annunzio, you got the Bishop and the Havercamps. Move it! They're waiting.
Okay, Noonan -- who'd you say the jerk was, jerk. Joey snarls
a stunid!
You're drinking
I 1 m n ot sure.
Izzat so? Since when did you become the Pope of this dump? I've been watching you, Smails, and I think you're a wrong guy.
you guys are insane.
They jump into a Cushman mini - truck off in a pursuit.
the kid lo oks like it to ya'.
a parking ticket at curbside. He looks up at the sound of a TRUCKl?ASSING and gets hit by a fish. EXT. BEEPER'S MAILBOX- 7:00 A.M. Birds are singing as cool morning sunlight dapples model reDlica of Beeper's
I NUED
C'mon, you won three conference titles at a major university. You think I went to college?  I'm autodidactic.  Big word, huh? Know what it means?  Self-taught.  Partially by reading, sure, but mostly by keeping my eyes open and asking a lot of stupid fucking questions.  I swear to God I'm looking at myself 30 years ago.  A taller, more athletic version maybe, but the resemblance is remarkable.
I wasn't afraid of anything.  I was working my ass off, trying to get back in the game.
Because there's no other fucking word that can convey the precise feeling and fucking flavor of life's various predicaments and certain concepts the way a well-placed fuck can.  Fuck is your friend.  Fuck can be your best friend.
Not even close.  You're a lemon.  Like a bad car, there's something inherently defective in you.  And you.  And me!  All of us here -- we're lemons!  Big, juicy, acidic, ice-tea flavoring lemons! We look like everyone else but we're defective because when most people make a bet they want to win, while we, the degenerate gamblers of the world, we're subconsciously playing to lose. All humans like going to the edge of the abyss, but what makes us different is we go all the way and hurl ourselves off into the void!  And we like doing it so much we do it time after time after time!  Me?  I always felt most alive when they were raking away the chips, and every one here knows what I'm talking about. People like us, even when we win, it's just a matter of time before we give it all back.  But when we lose, and I mean the kind of loss that makes your asshole pucker to the size of a decimal point, there's a moment when you're standing there and you've just recreated the worst possible nightmare this side of malignant cancer for the 20th goddamn time and you suddenly realize -- hey, I'm still here, I'm still breathing, I'm still alive!  In order to really live you have to be aware of your own mortality -- and a losing bet of a certain size is one of the best ways
Hold on.  Before I say another word, understand -- you do this thing, Brandon, and from here out you gotta eat, sleep, shit, breathe, walk, talk and fart John
With my wife naked.
Who the hell's John?
You got Brandon a hooker?
Denny, it's me... What'd I tell ya?...  Hey, it's your money, dude, you won it...  Well did you hook it up yet?... Hell yeah, crank it, let me hear--
Never better.  Kicking ass and taking names.  Did you get the money I sent?
Not much, 'cept for the fact he's a world class prick.  Bastard treated me worse than my Hong Kong tailor.  Never once returned a call.  I've been trying to bag this guy for years.  Do you have any idea what this is worth?
I can afford to do any damn thing I please.
What?  Oh, c'mon -- hell no.
Stop screwing around, you got a lot to do before this weekend.
You fucked with me, right?  Joke's on me, right?  The money thing. Okay, I think we're on dangerous ground here but I'm giving you a bump, 10 percent.  Now what about Monday night's game? You want to look over that pick?  Because everyone's gonna double down to climb out of the fucking hole you put 'em in.
I think we kicked ass.
What the hell are you doing, Walter?    C'mon, man -- it's me, Jerry.  These other guys come and go.
No!  C'mon in.  We're done here.  Right fellas?  All through? You want a bite before you go?  Something to drink?
I created the hottest sports tout this country's ever seen! I plugged him, took out full page ads, built a show around him, hooked him up with every major client I have and I will be goddamned if he's going to walk out the door and take all that with him! Why the hell am I even explaining this to you!  This is between me and him!  Get out!
You'll never get away with Nomolos.
For either of yoti.
Dudes, even though we ... we ... this,
You got it, dude.
Me tool Bill juapa trom Officer HINKLEY):
knew this guy who got one in his QUcket of chicken!
Yah, you know, you got a bad rap, but you actually seem like an okay-
Got your head, dude.
ya later, God!
You suck, dude.
me is a dick.
You gotta do it, dude! face her!
You're totally gonna be scrap dude!
GUITARSOLOS ever heard.I'm getting a new heart, not a new ass.
For Christsakes, you have the best guys working here. You don't want them walking.
Oh, shit, Father Rudy's here.
Bobby, my man. Where the hell are you? You run away last night and tonight you don't show. I've been sitting at the bar for two hours...
Ah, y'gotta get home to y'er wife...
It's these damn shoes...
A prostitute ••• minor ••• black.
They can't blame us for this. Eli Jackson was a common redneck and we had nothing to do with him, socially. They understand that, don't they?
Listen, Barbara, you have three and a half years till you're twenty-one and you want to get married now. Don't be a nitwit.
You're not young and you're not new. And you 9Q make people laugh. And me - I'm still with you because you make me laugh. so you know what I have to do? I have to sell my plot in Key Biscayne and get a plot beside yours in that shithole, Los Copa, to make sure I never miss a laugh.
It just drives me so damned crazy - wait - here they are.
Excuse me. He nishes into 107
This is a lYD.I
I think you've got the wrong gal, fella.
I want you to murder me.
Fletch.
Irwin, professional journalism time, now. Go back to the goddamn beach and finish the goddamn story!
It's Scotch-Rumanian.
That dog is such an asshole.
Easy fellas.
Fletch.
But not unsubstantiated charges about dope-dealing cops, and not horse shit paranoid fantasies about homicidal police chiefs.
All right, fella, smog check. Move over.
Moved out.
She moved out.
Gonna need it. That boy is dangerous. Fletch?
Fletch.
Nobody talks to Management, Quinn. No way, no how, nuh-uh, nyetskis. Take my advice. Knock off the bitching and moaning. It's not all that bad here.
You're killing me!
Quinn, you chrome-domed bastard! Where are you going? Have a drink! Eat!
Nosy bitch. My daddy didn't abandon me. He died. Qohen opens his mouth as if to speak... Bainsley touches his cheek. Qohen stares into her eyes a moment... then draws away, breaking the spell. He turns his back to her. Bainsley rises, wanders toward the shrine, gazing about.
Got anything to eat around here? starving my butt off.
By getting you off your ass and back to work. No more messages from Darth Vader's phone doll.
Bald old farts laying in bed instead of getting to work. Up and fucking at 'em. Heaving a great SIGH, Qohen moves to the work station, takes his seat. He tentatively touches a key: symbols scroll. Bob peers over his shoulder.
The old man says it's none of my biz. But if I was working on it long as you, you can bet your ass I'd have some clue.
Yo, Doc, off your ass and on the clock. Doctor Shrink-ROM appears on the screen, rolling her notebook into a tube and twisting it nervously.
Well, duh... Chicks dig the wheels, Q... And soon as I get me some, I'm burning road. I'm a million light years from that bossy bastard... Come on, Q. Help a kid out. Pretty fucking please? Qohen looks into Bob's pleading eyes, softening.
You and me, Q. Your big ass computer and my speedy little laptop. Qohen frowns.
Dude... You just turned singular.
Phil always hated them.
A couple - white collar, middle America.
I’m thinking the reason The Times has a one up on us is because they don’t fuck around calling Nixon a weasel. Everyone quiets down. Cynthia walks in and hands Bradlee a note, he reads.
If we’re living in a world where the government can tell you what to print and broadcast then that license doesn’t mean shit any way.
That looks like lupus.
Oh my God this is gonna look so pimp on my college applications! I mean I’ve got the grades, I’ve got 150 hours of community service, I’ve got four bullshit extracurriculars, but playing on a state ranked soccer team?! That’s huge!
Jessie smiles, a bit confused, and heads off towards the school. Stacy hungrily eyes his ass as he goes...
You’re that chick who always drives my kid home from school when I forget-slash-don’t want to.
Yup. To be a great dad, all you gotta do is show up to a couple of your kid’s soccer games. That’s it. But if my daughter doesn’t play cello and speak Portuguese and volunteer at the homeless shelter she built by hand from the fucking tree farm she’s growing in our backyard, I’m a bad mom.
Fuck no. Have you seen my son? He’s nine feet tall and all he talks about is baseball. You know what’s interesting about baseball? What?
You look like a Juggalo.
I want to get laid.
Look behind her dresser. Kiki races out-CUT TO: CARLA BLOWING OUT AMY’S HAIR to a sizeable coif... CARLA WAX-STRIPS AMY’S MUSTACHE AREA as Kiki irons Amy’s dress... CARLA STRUGGLES TO ZIP AMY INTO HER DRESS as Kiki slides earrings into Amy’s ears... Finally AMY STEPS IN FRONT OF HER FULL-LENGTH MIRROR ...and she looks super fucking hot. Kiki and Carla appear on either side of her and nod, impressed: Damn.
No it was great, you just scared the shit out of me! She laughs, embarrassed... Then he cradles her face gently, and kisses her properly...
First of all, your daughter doesn’t hate you, Amy, she thinks you quit on her. And every second you sit on your ass eating really old pizza and watching “12 Years a Slave,” she’s right. Amy guiltily lowers her pizza back into the box...
Yes shithead everyone sees her. AMY, KIKI AND CARLA STRIDE UP THE AISLE like total badasses, three-across, confident as hell...
Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
I were you, I'd drive right on outta here again.  Now.
I'm too old for this shit.
Even for Ben Corbett, this is nasty.  Man's got balls.  He was sitting in Devil's Cauldron when I left, calm as can be.
Before white men came, my people lived in sod houses underground and laid our dead on the tundra. Now we live above ground and bury our dead, and we haven't been warm since.
hell, we get the goddamn Playboy Channel!  Here, this is for you.
I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you!
Last time I checked the flight plan, we were forty miles northeast of Devil's Cauldron. Southwest is that way.  No sense waiting for a goddamn taxi.
Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to.  You don't understand shit!  Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment.  Who's protecting us?
Corbett coming here stinks of trouble.  We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass.
You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good.  You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of.  That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them.
Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars.
You're as antiquated as this shit.Now I know how life is in these parts - working your trade, sun up to sun down. No time for reading newspapers, right? A ripple of amusement. Most of these folks are illiterate.
Sure as I live, that child is trouble. Runnin’ like that. I said she had a funny look, didn’t I say that?
Blood pouring down Kidd’s face.
You’re not thinkin’ straight, Cap. She ain’t worth dyin’ for. They reach cover. Kidd looking for a way out. Sees one of his horses, off to the side.
What you say, Cap? Talk to me. Kidd fires back.
One of the men finds Kidd’s newspapers. Hands them to the Farley. Meanwhile, Bad Ass begins slowly circling the wagon. Eyes the fresh bullet holes.
Mr Farley, he killed a right smart of Indians. Scalped ‘em good too.
Guess that news didn’t travel. Beat and then, Farley, gestures. BAD ASS, lifts his gun. Move..
Farley staggers backwards. Kidd looks over. Johanna. Gun raised. She turns the gun on Bad Ass.
And Bad Ass drops too. Kidd wheels around... John Calley in the shadows. Gun in hand. Watches Farley, coughing blood. Moving towards his gun...
Sounds ‘bout right for them damn Yankees.
She kin? 85
Well Goddamn, ain’t that something. And he walks away. To the wagons taking the road North. Kidd turns back. The looming hills ahead. And Johanna, waiting for him. On Kidd. Dime’ah?
Yeah, well, we ain't one 'a them, neither.
Well, I paid for the damn thing, I oughta know.
You know, flags and shit... he said "for a livelier look" or something.
Couple 'a guys in from outta town. They want to see the new LeSabres.
...you can have the best damn running backs in the world, somebody's still gotta block for 'em.
My apologies, gentlemen. I asked my wife to straighten this shit up before she went out.
All right... lemme see... okay, new Burger King opens up. These assholes get excited and start lining up. Like it's some five star restaurant. The place is mobbed. Right?
Okay, uh... the, umm, Injuns're stupid.
Good God... they're meat eaters, Roy, just drop the shit in there!
Let me tell you something. In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring. The guys who get the calls are good -- not flashy, just good. They get in, they get out. Nobody knows a goddamn thing. Understand? Boom, boom, boom. Three in the head and you know they're dead.
You can't do this! I'm the press, I have rights!!
That's nicely put. You outta get yourself to Thailand...
Shut up, Merle... Williams.
If that little weasel ever walked in here I wouldn't serve him.
When I left here I went straight to Italy. Everybody told me not to go. But I wanted to go to Rome ever since I saw Audrey Hepburn in "Roman Holiday," and goddamnit, I went.
You should read more. Listen to me. I think this woman was waiting for a chance to do this, and we gave it to her. She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole. Then she sees her opportunity, and BOOM! -- she leaves that little mudpatch in the dust. These heartlanders can't figure it out, 'cause that's not their sweet little Betty. Hah! We've been tracking her for, what, three days and I already understand her better'n most the people in that shitty little burg.
What the fuck're you talking about? My name's Betty...
What're you thinking, girl? What's going on in that pretty little mind of yours? Huh? You can tell me...
Everybody says if you're going to get married, this is the spot to meet someone... Luckily, I'm currently off men, so I've got the luxury of not giving a shit.
You know, blonde, thin, whatever...
You have a thing for an actor on a stupid white soap opera, and we searched all over town for his character! Not the actor -- whose name is George, by the way. His character!
Listen, Ballard told me that the guy who brought the missing car down from Detroit was murdered, but do you see him doing anything about it? If Ballard wasn't such a stubborn ass, I wouldn't have to be breaking in here...
I call it 'nutty' as my shit after I eat Almond Roca...
That's Lonnie. He's the show's Main Prick. And that is definitely Betty. Now, that ain't no coincidence...
You need to learn some manners, friend... reach out to your goddamn fan base a little more.
Goddamn, it's hot!
-- small-time, pissant, Barney Fife --
Goddamn... how 'bout Jasmine?
She's a lesbian.
We're in a shootout, Roy! Shut up about the damn fish!
Betty, I don't wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison. No way. I've got some professional pride. And I don't want anybody else to get the credit for taking me out.
That is sick, man.
The funny thing is that Steve Rendazo secretly wants me. Jocks like him always want freaky girls. Girls with horn-rimmed glasses and vegan footwear and Goth makeup. Girls who play the cello and wear Converse All-Stars and want to be children's librarians when they grow up. Oh yeah, jocks eat that shit up.
Keep your voice down dude, my mom's around here somewhere. She doesn't know we're sexually active.
Bren, you're a dick! I love it.
No shit. Like Johannes Brahms?
Madison? Isn't that kind of... I don't know, gay?
Where the hell have you been, Junebug?
Share the love, Tits!
You're gay?
I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great mood. Despite the fact that I'm trapped in a fat suit I can't take off, despite the fact that everyone is making fun of me behind my back, despite the fact that your little girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in art class yesterday...
Katrina's not my girlfriend! And I doubt she was actually giving you the stinkeye. She just looks like that all the time.
Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure you guys will have a really bitchin' time!
Most Fruitful Yuki is bad ass, man. You should be proud to be the same condition.
Oh man, I can just picture you slow dancing like a dork!
No. No, you definitely cannot do that, Mark. That's a big, fat sack of no!
In my opinion, the best thing you can do is to find a person who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you, the right person will still think that the sun shines out your ass. That's the kind of person that's worth sticking with.
Ow, ow, fuckity-ow. Bren, when do I get that Spinal Tap thing?
Hey, can we give my kid the damn spinal tap already?
Like a mom. Scared shitless.I know that, asshole. I meant what's it about?
I'll take 'Monday Night Football' over this crap any day.
What are you so worried abot?
a< ; Listen, Peltzer...she's my girl- friend. Keep your hands off. Under- stand? Billy nods.Gary lets him go.He turns and walks away. Billy straightens his clothes. He glares at Gary.
a scrawny, weasel'' ike man in his mid-thirties, Standd's
Damn.
Maybe if you weren't such a nut people would believe you.
Damn.
Damn.
Bosslady no like?
No, Denis, Bosslady no like.
Cornwall, wasn't it? Bloody hell... Look at `em, little imps. You never really got golf, did you?
Cornwall, wasn't it? Bloody hell... Look at `em, little imps. You never really got golf, did you?
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers. Now it persecutes them. It stops them from working. It is killing jobs and it is bringing this country to its knees. I say enough. It's time to get up. It's time to go to work. It's time to put the Great back into Great Britain!
Give `em hell! He looks her up and down, with a smile.
This is it, steady the buffs old girl.
Shoulders back, tummies in!
Steady, steady, steady! Damn. Fore!
I’m killin’ killers!
When a dude goes Crankenstein, gotta cut ‘im loose.
You said it was dyin’.
Hopeless? ‘Cause I’m trying to connect with people’ - Try it sometime - I mean, why the hell are we in this world anyway! Look who I’m talkin’ to.
You settin’ us up?
You know why I wanted to hire you? ‘Cause I know you, I’ve been through the shit you’ve been through an’ I’m not blind. Your eyes tell me you’re hurtin,’ like has your whole life been a waste? You want a future that won’t be as worthless as your past. We all do.
Wait! I know him! Toby Lewis. We were stationed at Royal Marine Training Camp in Scotland - He was always a demented bastard.
This Monroe creep must’ve went rogue and took it all after the agency set it all up - Washington can’t just send in the Army to kill one of their own - makes for bad press. So they drop a ton of money on our motley asses to do their ‘wet work.’
Man, when we gonna see money like that? Never.
Whatta you want?
I guess we owe the big bastard a send off.
You want!
Man, you’re stuck with her whether you like it or not - You cruisin’ that way again?
You’re windin’ up his complex.
Yo, Outcasts, gather ‘round ‘cause ya gonna see a grown man cry.Not really. One girl who fit the descrip came in, kinda skinny, brunette, didn't see much changing hands.
What are ya, deaf?
Oh my god... A perfect dime. The dame of dames. The Moby of my dick.
What you talkin' about, man?
This isn't about the lousy couple hundred thou' that's sitting in that vault, Freeze. That's chump change.
Yeah? Then I'm chump number one, man.
Leave him to me. You pull off this heist and I promise you, it'll be all tits and champagne from here on in.
Hang on. Hong on. Don't get your panties in a twist.
Whatever you say, man.
No way, man.
Sorry, Mr. Dicky. It won't happen again.
Like her! Someone like her.
Every time you're late Ipkiss, you're robbing this bank!
Oooooh Bay-bee. I knoooooows what you likah!
For buttonheads only.
Sorry, fellas. Waste not want not!
Get that sucker!
Ak... you got me Pahdnuh.
Now listen close scumbag! You want to bw in business with me? Okay, we're partners now. I'm takin' fifty per cent off the Monkey's Paw. You screw with me again and I'll send you straight down to Hell with your scumbag councilman. You can apologize for eatin' him for lunch.
Sure, Swede. Take it easy.
Sorry Swede. I've got an ax to grind with you. In fact I got a couple and I'm afraid they may give you a splitting headache!I can't let you go out there -Ya bleedio' inside -- I'm gonna stop the fight!!
Yo, Apollo, ya sai.d there weren't gonna be no rematch.
'It's no time to cuss me,' ,snarled the robber. 'By Gawd ! Fe 11 as grab your rifles an' take cove~.'
How ya doin 1 , kid -- Wh~t•s that a 1ongs i.de ya?
Nobody's goin' blin~.
Does that mean, ah, ya just kickin' us out.
-: liE LOOKS AT TW.-0 FIGHTERS WHO TURN AW-/1,Y lN DISGUST, •. MICKEY· COMES OVER. JOH"NNY' 1$ W'I:TH HIM. MlCKEYdunn·o w-hat the hell Creed ts
C' mo n , ya w.a nn a
Ya in perfect workin' condition.
Lean right -- break his damn jab! Get the body! 183
Get up , Ro ck !
We gotta plan, we stay to it, dammit -- I'll tell ya when. You'll get ya rhythm soon. 198B
Ya got him on points -- forget the knockout -- just stick an' move. Three more minutes! This man is breakin' ya up inside! Stay away!!
I have Apollo well ahead -- all he has to do is.stay away and he'll retain the title -- but he's fo there with a hellcat from Philly who's not about to lay down.
Johnny Reb' get his tongue?
Bill is an ass.
You like tall white women? Su doesn't say anything.   Back to English --
See, that burns my ass right to the bone. I mean, hey, I'm here doing my job... Anyway, putting that aside, if you had gotten your notice, you'd know there's a new city ordinance saying all businesses catering to foreigners gotta be sprayed.
Keep it in your pants.
I know it    wasn't the plan. But if you don't    fight, they're gonna toss us out on    our asses. We might never find the    guy.
Don't let that fucker get away! The Moto-Rider FIRES UP the MOTORCYCLE. Drops it into first. Dittoes Fait's leap out the back and SCREAMS off in pursuit.
I said don't move, motherfucker! Russell just keeps going. Slides open the side door in the back of the five-ton, revealing... A twin-fifty machine gun. Two barrels, .50 caliber. Dangerous even for a tank. Russell vaults in and takes aim.
Yah -- she's damn near as good as that little black fella -- with the glass eye.
Oh man, you got leutefisk in your hair.
What do you mean, they take out her butt?
Say, yous boys been to the Leeman's?
Loretta, shut it.
You're talkin' 'bout the richest family in a small town. It's front page news when one of 'em takes a shit.
I heard you, I was just tryin' to scare you into changin' your mind. Oh for Chrissakes, Amber, the woman clung to your tap shoes while flyin' through the air like a Goddamn lawn dart!
Hell-no, she ain't quittin'.
"Once a carnie, always a carnie."
The Atkins fire? Foul play? Shit-no. After some thorough investigatin', we determined it musta been a bad wirin'. Mosta them trailer-folk plug a TV, VCR, crock pot and Fry-daddy into one outlet and don't think nothin' of it ktil KABLEWEY!
Oh -- oh, you bring me some of that snotty attitude, Becky -- bring it on.
Give me your stringy-ass hair!
She had a big ass then, she's got a big ass now.
Oh-you-beccha.
Come on! Hankey here can't help it if he was born crazier than a shithouse rat!
Well, y'know what, dad? Y'know what? Peter's gay!
Hey! Turn that float around. You think a swan's gonna swim ass first up Main Street?
Yah -- hello -- hello... shit! How the fuck do ya work this damn thing, huh? Oh. Welcome to our first ever American Teen Princess Parade -- which also happens to be the unveiling of our new sewer system!
I gotta work with these women.
My daggit. My daggit. Where is he?
That's about all I can get him to do. He lost a little daggit which apparently meant everything to him. I thought you might help.
Well, I don't know. There isn't much room for a daggit in a fighter plane.
That's not Muffit. It's not even a real daggit.
Let's keep our hands out where we can see 'em, fellas. All of them. Now, you mind telling me what we're doing, sir!
Who the hell is Dan?
That’s just your southern racism talking.
No thanks, fellas. Triple A will be here soon.
Help me, John. I think I’ve pulled something in my back. I’m down here on the ground. Help me get up. Oh shit!
JOHN! Move your ass and help me! Finally, John gets up and goes to her. She holds out her arms when he leans over, but he doesn’t even see her. Instead, he lowers himself even further, toward her shoes.
Well, don’t just stand there. Start the damned engine.
But look at this face. Are you suffering, bitch? What about me, the woman who so happily takes your photograph? Ella scours the picture, looking at the back of John’s pants. She addresses him:
The face creme? She reaches for the tube/jar of creme on the night table. John takes it and puts some on his cock and on her vaginaThey call Los Angeles the City of Angels.  I didn't find it to be that exactly, but I'll allow as there are some nice folks there.  'Course, I can't say I seen London, and I never been to France, and I ain't never seen no queen in her damn undies as the fella says.  But I'll tell you what, after seeing Los Angeles and thisahere story I'm about to unfold-- wal, I guess I seen somethin' ever' bit as stupefyin' as ya'd see in any a those other places, and in English too, so I can die with a smile on my face without feelin' like the good Lord gypped me.
Bullshit.  Eight, Dude.
Bullshit. Walter!
Walter, you can't do that.  These guys're like me, they're pacificists. Smokey was a conscientious objector.
I see you rolled your way into the semis.  Deos mio, man.  Seamus and me, we're gonna fuck you up.
Eight-year-olds, Dude.
Oh shit.  Walter.
Dude, nothing is fucked.  Come on. You're being very unDude.  They'll call back.  Look, she kidnapped her--
You are approaching a vooden britch. When you cross it you srow ze bag from ze left vindow of ze moving kar.  Do not slow down.  Vee vatch you.
Ahh fuck it, let's go bowling.
Aitz chaim he, Dude.  As the ex used to say.
Saturday is shabbas.  Jewish day of rest.  Means I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
Shit yeah, the achievers.
Fuck, man!  There's a beverage here!
I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know?
I'll tell you what I'm blathering about!  I got information--new shit has come to light and--shit, man! She kidnapped herself!
Well, okay, you're not privy to all the new shit, so uh, you know, but that's what you pay me for.  Speaking of which, would it be possible for me to get my twenty grand in cash? I gotta check this with my accountant of course, but my concern is that, you know, it could bump me into a higher tax--
Ja, your viggly penis, Lebowski.
Now that is ridiculous, Dude.  No one is going to cut your dick off.
They're nihilists.
One a those days, huh.  Wal, a wiser fella than m'self once said, sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar, wal, he eats you.
Thankie... Just one thing, Dude. D'ya have to use s'many cuss words?
Fuckola, man.
You're gonna KILL your FATHER, Larry!.
You're not dealing with morons here.
This is quite a pad you got here, man.  Completely unspoiled.
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
That guy treats women like objects, man.
He helps administer the charities now, and I give him a reasonable allowance.  He has no money of his own.  I know how he likes to present himself; Father's weakness is vanity. Hence the slut.
Irish m--What the fuck are you talking about?  My name's Da Fino!  I'm a private snoop!  Like you, man!
The Gundersons.
Boy.  How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm once they seen Karl Hungus.
Shit yeah!
What the fuck are you talking about? I converted when I married Cynthia! Come on, Dude!
I'm as Jewish as fucking Tevye
He can't see you, Dude.
Jesus, Dude!  He never even kidnapped her.
There ya go.  Sorry man.
I mean 'Nam was a foot soldier's war whereas, uh, this thing should be a fucking cakewalk.  I mean I had an M16, Jacko, not an Abrams fucking tank.  Just me and Charlie, man, eyeball to eyeball.
Ja, uzzervize vee kill ze girl.
Ja, vee still vant ze money.  Vee sreaten you.
Okay.  Vee take ze money you haf on you und vee call it eefen.
We've got a man down, Dude.
Yeah man.
Awww, fuck it Dude.  Let's go bowling.
Howdy do, Dude.
Yeah man.  Well, you know, the Dude abides.
The Dude abides.
Hey Morton, you think your ass is connected to the machine? You wiggle, it's gonna make the ball go where you want?
Stand right there like a good old boy and do what I say. You wanna try and mess with me, you've had fair warning. I was a combat Marine in Korea. Okay?
Every one of you jerks is a goddamn hotshot expert! Thanks for the vote of confidence. If you think you can do any better, just come and try it!
Yeah, Jesus Christ.
They gotta be crazy to cover that face.
Thirty minutes is what you've got to get your goddamn equipment off this beach and out of town!...You tell Eli Cross if your men are on the streets after four o'clock, I'll throw their ass in jail! 55   ANGLE ON ELI AND CAMERON
I mean, that is a goddamn public bridge and a public river! You go there without permits, without any precautions and get a man killed!
Why not, Burt?! Because you're a fake?! Because you're just a goddamn daredevil with a head full of marbles?!
My new cock and balls?
But no longer known as "Bad-assed Burt." Ever since his 'fortunate rescue,'...we call him "Lucky."
If I stamp "rush" on my mare's ass, she'll still take eleven months to foal. Call the lab and find out when!
Once, to save my ass, I jumped out of a banana tree into an oxcart full of buffalo shit. Does that count?
Bet they're looking for that nut who killed all those campers in Montana...
The one with the tits and the other guy.
You are a smug, insufferable son-of- a-bitch. When I read the insane asylum scene to my wife and four children, my wife cried, my oldest son shook my hand for the first time in his whole life. So, why is it, Eli, that this vulgar little scene turns out to be so much...stronger, more moving?
Wilder, crazier.
I'm sorry it got so late...that damn five o'clock makeup call...I feel as bad as you do...
Ya quittin'?
Jesus...don't step on 'em.
Nina. The shame of it...the shame! You've lost your son, your lover. You want to tear his throat out... but you stand meek...your guts burning with the shame of it.
I think it's beautiful. It's heroic! I think it's a major work that may rank with the Edsel grill! Now goddamnit, I gotta go back and do my picture! Will you take this thing and read?!
...He had this screwy West Texas
fellas...hey fellas..."
...It was so unnecessary...For Christ's sake, I'm no shrinking violet...I've had my ass pinched black and blue by account execs for not showing enough enthusiasm for Vitalis. But this from Eli...it was so pointless...sadistic...
Now, look around. Whaddya see?...No roll bar in the roof. That's because the roof caving in really looks gassy on film. You got your protection in the back of the seat...steel sheeting. If the roof goes too far, you get your goddamn head down quick! You listening to me?!...Nod Your head.
Things happen crossin' the street! If somethin' goes cockeyed...screw the scene!   Get that mask on. There's enough oxygen to get you to China.
You and me are gonna talk about windows and oxygen and seat belts and things like that. And if you're a good boy and listen and don't be a smart ass, maybe I'll let you sit in the back seat with Nina Franklin.
Oh, Jake! Come on! You wouldn't know your anal invert from a hole in the ground. Raymond makes bad jokes, but they're not illegal. Christ, you've seen us all on the set...clowning around. 176   EXT.   POLICE STATION
Hey, how's this? A World War One, uh...what did they call 'em?... dogfaces... somethin'... doughboys.
You'll miss the main part! Killer Cameron's ghastly crime! I was freaked out of my head! And, suddenly there's this big flashlight shining in my face. I just grabbed that goddamn ice cream bucket and slopped it...right over the guy's head!
Have 'em touch up that corner of the section. It looks phony as hell.
Roll! Roll the film! Move your asses -- I want that shot!
You had to stick your neck where it didn't belong, amigo.
Jesus, Sis. How long have you known this one? Twenty minutes?
What the fuck? You're a twin? Hot.
Mind your own business.
You're fucking hot.
Orale, you ain't getting married again with that attitude.
Not you, Ragged Dick. Him.
It's Mario. He's my goddamn hairdresser.
Von... that fat sonofabitch. What does he say?
The First Fuckin Amendment "Congress shall make no law abridging the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." I would like to assemble peaceably as I have some grievances to redress. Now is that all right with you?
You!
Your sister? Holy shit. I thought it was you.
You needed me from the get go, but let's not piss on what's past.
Where the hell have you been?
It pays to have friends, Pendejo. They got your ass when you need it.
What are you talkin--
You can't do this to me, Von! You need me!
Holy shit!Hamilton, you're going to have to cover our asses as we cross.
That?  I hear a mob:  unemployed, drunkards, vagabonds... the world's dregs.
I'm ordering that Negroes be allowed to join the army.
I'm from Maryland, sir!  That scum sucker from Connecticut...
No, I did not.  Really?  Well, what the hell is a deist, precisely?
Well, as any farmer knows, a jenny always enjoys being penetrated by a disproportionately sized jackass.
Nobody done.  The British done captured General Lee in a New Jersey whore house... then, well, we couldn't find nobody home down at Congress so we come to see you. Ain't this where the war be?
I have here a poem that was taken from the journal of a Hessian Major at the battle of Long Island describing our army:  "The rebel clowns, oh what a sight, So awkward was their figure.  'Twas yonder stood a filthy wight, And here and there a nigger."
Because, if the British got off their asses and came up here, now, we would be smashed.  And the revolution would be finished.
George, why haven't you moved into the Potts' house back at the creek? Much more befitting of a Commander and Chief than your field tent. And... you could entertain.  I think you need to entertain more. Seriously!  Get a few New Jersey whores up here, invite some Congressmen... couldn't hurt.
You did good, boys!  You beat them! Don't be broken hearted!  Tomorrow! We'll get the bastards before they get away!  Tomorrow!  Tomorrow!
Unlike General Lee... who you and Congress backed for second in command and who is a goddamned incompetent!
Are you all going insane!? Benedict Arnold!  The man who stopped the British on Lake Champlain!  Who carried the day at Saratoga!  Goddamn-it, Joseph, you own two mansions, ride in an expensive, Tory coach!  You are all nothing but a pack of greedy pigs!Dear Pa, Mom was bein’ a bitch. Happy belated birthday. She looks up at the wall and there are plaques with animal heads on them. On the first plaque there is a bear head and
Oh man you were the most scared whitey I have ever seen when the train entered the station!
Ha ha! Try and get me now, bitch! She runs down the hallway, accidentally slipping on the banana peel. Troy runs into the hallway and sees Brenda on the ground and the Buddhist zombie slowly shuffling towards her. He pulls out a pistol and begins shooting at the zombie, missing every shot. He accidentally hits a gas pipe and gas begins to shoot out, filling up the hallway. Troy realizes what he hits.
That was probably the sexiest thing I have ever heard.
No way, man, you'd rob me blind!
You find me a decent place for under three hundred a month in this town, and I'll happily move out of this crap neighborhood.
So, you're not a dyke.
I mean my best friend since the second grade. Her husband was hot for me and, god, he was cute. She was an international flight attendant, so we would get it on for days, while she was off in some country we couldn't pronounce. Then he told her, the shit. It broke up our friendship, broke up their marriage. Later she had a nervous breakdown, quit her job, then moved in with her sister who she despised.
Mariners are pounding the shit out of the Tigers.
I love all of them. They're strong, gentle men with families of their own. And if you asked them about what they did to me, they'd call you a fucking liar and then beat the shit out of you.
Carlos, I never raped a woman.
They sound like finches.
I have come for the bounty on this Wookiee.
Vader's on that ship.
;Jo.,'m~i~~-Jiutchinson
Being a lesbian is my security,
Mostly caffeine. Some other household shit. Your basic under the sink ingredients. Stokely
She's faking.
there's some SKAT in my car.
Fuck1 Zeke spins
I'm that guy--there's one The class wuss--I of me in every school. got caught picking my nose in the first grade and I"ve had to live with it for I'm the the last eight years of my life. guy who's sole purpose is to let all the others feel better about themselves.
agaisnt the wall, It is Marybeth's
Damn girl, whattcha been drinking?
I ain't gonna flaunt it, mate. I gots too much class for that shit.
Like hell we are.
Holy shit. Kristen...
A black widow.
You two got me out of a mountain of shit, I'll tell you that. Craziest Goddamn scheme I've ever heard of. But hell, you played it perfectly.
The building's built on a sink hole, Jay. You know it, and I know it. Gonna need to think fast if you wanna keep the Cubans off your back...
Ugly little suckers.
It's scary, folks.  We're like cavemen building a nuclear warhead. We are constructing the most advanced, dangerously powerful... whateveritis in the history of the planet and we don't have a fucking clue how we're doing it.
Gimme a butt.
Come on. Wouldn't it be fun? A bunch of poor nobodies who play to win instead of a bunch of bitchy millionaires? You can put it together, Jimmy. Player's love you. They always have.
And you look like that coach from the Seventies. From the Redskins. McGinty. Except you look a shitload older.
And here come the Scabskins now!
Scabskins! Scabskins!
Annabelle Farrell, head Redskinette.
locker, man. Do you believe that shit?
You had Lamont open in the flat.
You got to double up on Morris.
Well, of course you do. You were a wimp quarterback.
Those big, fat boys in the trenches get awful tired. You ought to know that, Dan.
It was a dream come true. Go kick some ass for me.
You're right, Clifford. And I'm sorry. But now I want to go out there and either beat these bastards or die trying. I never wanted to beat anybody so bad in my life.
Damn straight!
No.     But one nasty-ass play    might. We just gotta    be brave. And trust    each other.
John? Where the hell are you?
You guys are nodding your heads like you actually know what the hell he's talking about.
From what I can see, we got a white male, about five-eight, approximately one-forty, takes a round in the ten ring, and goes out a window.
This is all Witwer. He's setting me up.
None of your damn business.
Oh, it's all my damn business now, Lamar.
But, surprise, this junkie cleaned herself up.
You're kiddin.'
Rap is a helluva lot better than that country shit.
Barney, this rich white girl keeps giving me a hard timel
ANITA
When do we screw?
glaring at them.
They left three hours ago, man.
••• it 1s all right see, for him to take a Army wife and beat her up -- but just let one of our guys make a little pass at that babe he I s got at the hotel and he tells the guy to get out and stay out. Quill got what was coming to him. That 1 s the way we feel about it.
me if I don 1t.
He was very quiet mo st of the time and seemed clea.r-headed.
to tell if a mature married woman has been raped.
He wrecked a gate and a barn door -and he hasn't got a driver's license. He'll hav.e to appear in the JP Court Old fool. when he 1s able.
To get the hell out and go home.
Hell, Polly, you know a guy's not considered legally nuts in Michigan unless he didn 1t know right from wrong. Why don 1t you come .on and end this thing?
I wanna help you fellas. I’m law enforcement, too, same as you.
Jewell is rattling all of this off while kicking Bryant’s ass in the video game.
Ya got enough money, Richard? all those neckties you need?
That’s right. Fair exchange. So, here it is: When you get your badge -- and I can see that day is coming -- don’t become an asshole. Huh?
I’m getting my tits done.
It’s just poor planning by the Olympic Committee. There ain’t a one of them jake-legs has got a damn clue about traffic patterns.
Whadda you think, Richard? You think that committee’s a buncha jake-legs?
Hey, any’a you-all ever seen that guy before? The cops shake their heads, unalarmed.
Shit, Richard. Could be just
See that, Richard? You did it! You showed ‘em what kinda cop you can be. And look at this now!
Goddammit, Richard! 91
It’s like the United Goddamn Colors of Benetton.
We need to start being a little less solicitous and a lot more righteous with these bastards.
Who ya wavin’ to?
I want them to know I’m not gay.
No. They aren’t the U.S. Government. They’re just three pricks who WORK for the U.S. Government. Understand the difference? Nobody in that room is a better man than you, Richard. Believe me.
Okay?! Look at me ... I'm sweating like a God damned pig and look at you, you're the only woman on earth who breaks up with her boyfriend and doesn't shed a tear. That means something doesn't it?
As a chubby
Really? Well, people bad mouth this place all the time but give it a chance.
fucking leak in your fucking flower pot. Amanda quickly OPENS the door and we find the rakishly handsome
everybody they?
a schmuck.
toughen
Fed Ex was leaning
he say? She had ass?
her ass wasn't
don't women about them.
No, he's been great. I'm been much more of a twit,
this ass.
The camera spins as A CAR SCREECHES TO A STOP RIGHT BESIDE SCARLETT AND THE CAMERA, scaring the shit out of them both. They get out of the street. Scarlett takes a breath, trying to play off the adrenalin surging through her veins.
You’re going to make me break the damned camera! Sorry.
You fuckers. Shit! Scarlett looks around the catacombs. This is much rougher than the official tourist area, but in its way, much more beautiful. Paintings and graffiti on the walls give it an urban, cool vibe.
Hungry fat Irish.
No! The founder of the Rosecrucians?! Holy shit.
This isn’t the right stone. I have to rectify the taking of it. Only through putting it back will I find the real hidden stone. She stands, looks around the dark, creepy chamber. Oh fuck.How the hell did one pig have so many babies?
Goddamn right! Lucy and the other reporters laugh. The atmosphere is merry.
Damn.
You already have shitloads of money.I'm sorry little fella.  I can't sign that particular brand of card.  I can only sign Pro-Jam Blue Dot cards.
That's how you become great, man. You hang your ba11s out there.
This is fuckin Michael Jordan, man! They should be screaming.
Damn right.
Avery, I signed Cush.  Again.
I'm so fuckin jazzed!  Listen. I'm going to have to fly to Chicago tomorrow, how 'bout if we meet in the Dallas airport and we all fly into New York together for the draft?
No man, I'm not Hootie.
Hey man, I wish I had a quarterback like you in Arizona. You're the shit.
I gotta get back to Cushman.
Dude, you're like a God.
God, you're like a dude.
"This is Cush."
Hey, it's Cush on the big t.v. again!
You fellas aren't talking with Bob Sugar, are you?
We signed an hour ago.  You were in the lobby with the black fella.
But I don't want to talk about it. And yet!  My family.  I grew up with repression as a... a religion --you don't bitch.  No moaning!  Head down.  Do it, whatever "it" may be. My dad... he worked for the United Way for 38 years!  You know what he said when he retired? He said, "I wish I'd had a more comfortable chair." 38 years he sat in it!  Do you know what I'm saying, Dorothy? Repression as a religion. I'm almost as old as his chair.
Oh shit.  You said "boss."
Your timing is impeccable, Maguire. Gee, I can't imagine how you ever lost Cush...
John Taylor.  J.J. Stokes.  Andre Rison.  I SMOKE all these fools, and yet they're making the big sweet dollars. They're making the money, and I got an agent that ain't even put the number on the table.
You want a --
Oh hell yes.
You know what you're qonna do, Rodney. You're gonna reject this shitty contract. You're gonna play out your existihg shitty contract and go be a free agent next year and the hell with Arizona. This is us, and we determine our worth. You're a fine, proud, surviving, splendid black man.
Bet on me, dude.  Bet on me like I bet on you.
Well, that ain't fair to her.  A single mother, that's a sacred thing, man.
Damn right.
Only 'cause my wife likes your wife!
C'mon, you mother-fuckin' pants -Something catches his eye. A small FRAMED PHOTO on the wall -a scratched-up black-and-white shot of a sharecropper family, circa 1930s. Rudy leans in. It's SEVEN BAREFOOT KIDS and two STERN PARENTS, standing in front of a shack. He stares, then triumphantly ZIPS UP the pants. HA!
Friends, I would like to take you to the racetrack again. We are about ready to start the race. And here's a late scratch, ladies and gentlemen. Anna's Ass has been scratched.
"I was born in a barrel of butcher knives! I've been shot in my ass with two Colt 45s! I've been slapped by a bear and bit by an eel! I chew up railroad iron and shit out steel!" Rudy runs over.
Stop! This ain't the place for your hobo stories.
Here's your damn quarter.
It was crazy! He was just doin' those shitty old toasts, and folks were diggin' it.
He's an old bum with no teeth. All the hobos look up.
I'll laugh if the shit is funny.
No, brother! You will laugh even if the shit ain't funny! Or give me back that drink! The guy chuckles and nods: FINE.
Now some folks say that Willie Green, Was the baddest motherfucker the world has ever seen! But I want you to light up a joint and take a real good shit and screw your wig on tight, And let me tell you about the little bad motherfucker called Dolemite! Yes!
Every black hipster is listening to it! You go down Crenshaw, South Central, Baldwin Hills... this is blasting out of every door! It's insane.
asses to the beat. Patrons dance and sweat. Rudy is backstage, getting ready. He peeks out at the crazy scene. Then, someone catches his eye: LADY REED, a heavy-set woman in her 40s, does not look happy. She's not looking at the stage. She's looking at a MAN kissing a WOMAN.
I used to be a backup singer, in New Orleans. But I was terrible. I got so nervous! I'd have to hang onto the mike, so I wouldn't fall over. Butterflies in my stomach. Once I even shit on stage.
Look. I ain't really a pimp! I don't have whores! I don't have no stable. But I created a character.
It's all pretend. It's magic! You put on a cape and turn into a fuckin' superhero! You go on the stage and leave your old self behind. Her skepticism drops -- and she smiles. EXT. FIELD - NIGHT Angle on a BARN in a field. It is lit up, with a "Revue Tonite!" banner. Dozens of cars park in the dust. BLACK CUSTOMERS are going in. COWS graze nearby. Rudy and Lady Reed stand nearby, gaping.
The thing is... we do a certain kind of black picture. The guys we hire -Fred Williamson, Jim Brown... they shoot a gun, they kick some ass...
Also... and seriously... I don't know how much longer we'll be making these pictures. The NAACP has been raising hell about blaxploitation. They've been complaining that the characters -pimps, whores, drug dealers -- aren't positive role models.
Aww, that's bullshit! It's fun! You're putting Whitey in his place!
Why not?! I willed myself into being a singer. I willed myself into being a comedian. I recorded a record in my goddamn living room. So why can't I be in movies? Toney...
Damn, Toney! We're at a barbecue. Keep your dick in your pants.
Wait -- you're from Varner? Shit, I'm from Fort Smith! We've got somethin' in common! What?
Brother, now c'mon now. Cut the shit! We both traded Arkansas for L.A. We on to a whole new hustle out here. Now, I dig what you're doin'. You got the folks working together. Well, that's what I aspire to! Nobody ever did that for me.
And Kung Fu! Brothers love that Kung Fu shit! Karate shit! Bruce Lee! We gotta put that all in.
"He's baaad! The man is out of sight! He's a tough son of a gun, y'all! The man's name is Dolemite!"
It's got room after room. We can decorate the shit out of this place, turn it into everything we need. Build all our sets! The warden's office... Queen Bee's whorehouse... Willie Green's massage parlor... hell, it's even got a nightclub... Jerry looks around.
Okay. I'm gonna decorate this to be the warden's office. So let's make it official. I'll put in wood paneling, then draw some "wanted" posters... They reach an empty room, beat to shit.
This kid is the real shit! see his short films!
Hey man. That ain't cool. Cause this is a big fuckin' deal to us. You might be Mr. Big Time, but the rest of us ain't never done nothin' like this. I'm payin' for the goddamn thing, but I got no ego! You need a box moved, I'll pick it up! You need to feed the crew, I'll go make sandwiches!
You'll be back, Dolemite. Rudy smirks, defiant. Awaiting at his CADILLAC are three pretty BLACK ACTRESSES, dressed as Dolemite's Whores. He beams, his energy electric, full throttle Dolemite mode. Damn!
No shit, baby!
In the next scene, he takes off his fancy blue suit and screws the whores.
Yeah! For real, goddammit! I attacked Tarzan! I saved Tarzan! I ran around the Panther Girl of the Kongo! All that shit!
Man, you got no idea! There are twenty locations I gotta dress. I've been crawlin' through dumpsters, scavenging cardboard to build shit out of it -- but c'mon! I can only do so much! Then we got all those big nightclub scenes comin' up -RUDY I'm tapped out! I've spent everything
Yeah! I'm Dolemite, motherfucker. We're trying to make a motion picture here, starring ME, Rudy Ray Moore! And that bad D'Urville Martin as Willie Green!
You're under arrest, Dolemite.
Oh he's bad! The man is out of sight. Mmhmm, he's a tough son of gun. The man's name is Dolemite! Yeah I heard of his coming, even before his time.
My cousin's gonna shit!
I just don't understand this guy. He's a 50-year-old pretending he can do Kung Fu. Pretending he can be a sex machine.
Well... whenever my ex climbed on top of me to bust a nut, I tried to check out till it was over. So I just tried to amuse myself. I'd picture him fuckin this mangy-ass donkey we had. I would just laugh and laugh... but he didn't know the difference. Rudy smiles, but is still anxious. Then Lady Reed gets an idea.
Looks more like wrasslin'. Is she behind him?
It ain't sexy... but it sure as fuck is funny! CUT! The room breaks into APPLAUSE. LAUGHING at the craziness.
I don't know. Some blaxploitation number that came in over the transom.
It's the Hobos from before, in the alley across the street. They're sitting around an oilcan fire, talking sass. EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER Rudy has joined Ricco and the Hobos.
Nope! That's mine. You only get the boxoffice. But if you promote the shit out of the show, you could make some serious bread...!
And you ain't gonna do to me what they done to Chuck Berry!! No fuckin' way! The Dimension execs stiffen up, nervous. Rudy's buddies glance at each other, not sure what they're supposed to do. Finally, Woolner frowns, unintimidated.
All the brothers care about is shit blowing up, and jokes and titties and the good guys win and the bad guys lose. That's it! Nothin' else matters. And we delivered. Defiant, Rudy grabs a paper. grins.
Aw, he just can't stop talkin' about you. He's always doin' your shit.
I ain't bad! YOU bad!
Ha! When it comes to rhymin', I was through with it, before you old chumps ever knew what to do with it!!
Oh yeah?! I chained down thunder and handcuffed lightning! I'm so damn strong it's sometimes fright'ning!!
I knew this Masai from Tanzania. He was here to run in the Marathon. He took everything in New York City in complete stride. Nothing fazed him until he saw a grown man following his dog, picking up its shit. He started laughing so hard, he wept.
To get in your pants!
Oh, shit. Sorry.
I sat on my balls.
I caught the bus and everyone inside hid under their seats when they saw me. Racists.
What? You mean, slaphead?
Come on, you big girl’s blouse.
Ambrook’s? My sister went out with a bloke from Ambrook’s. Really nice fella too.
‘Cos they invited themselves. Reg ignores Babs again.
Think about it! We’ve both got the same rash. We both wore the dress. You never heard of scabies? Babs notices the flooded lounge. Reg?
I got a bottle in the truck in case yer hands git to shakin.
Ray, If Delta could stand up so everyone can see who to stand behind if the shit hits the fan... Everyone laughs. The Delta operators rise. Though this is a room of professionals, these men truly look like the ones you want to stand behind.
Gotta get you a new bra, woman.
At the Buffalo Chip? Yeah... I’ll go to the Buffalo Chip. Get my two step on... Drive your drunk ass home later... For the first time, we see her laugh.
Peckerwoods got some fine-ass women though.
Bet I start seeing you here weekly. The next bull erupts from the chute, sending a cowboy ass over elbow...
Sit down, man.
Get away from me.
Look how good you are at pretending to be a police officer. Out of the car. Now. EXT. MEXICAN ROAD -- CONT. Headlights blind Manuel, but he can see the car door has opened, and an image is moving toward him. He waits, for the fool who is robbing the wrong mother fucker.
him off) BARKIS
What a cutie.
Everglot. The girl to marry.
you understand? woman.
known this girl her whole ain't never once lied.
Oh, where can the ninny have to?
Whatcha gotta do there, buddy, is ya gotta get in close so ya don't piss on yer shoes. It don't matter now cause you're wearin' them sneakers but the time's gonna come when you're gonna be wearin' good shoes, expensive ones, and you don't wanna piss on them, you wanna protect 'em.  From piss, from tough guys, from everything.
kid.  That's why you gotta keep a low profile!  Right?  A low profile! It's where you don't give nobody nothin' to shoot at, stay outta sight, be parta the woodwork, don't ever tell 'em your name, they'll use it against you.
The thing about kids is, they're so... young!  They don't know nothin' yet.  When you're a kid, you think you're gonna grow up an' be a "wonderful person" instead of an asshole, like everybody else.
Look, I got this kid.  We got a goddamn relationship!  I'm takin' him to a movie tonight!  He worships me.  If I go down what's this do to my son?  I'm his goddamn role model for Christ sake!
FLETCHER, SPEAK UP, WILL YA?  DON'T BE AN ASSHOLE!
Okay, lady.  You gotta make an effort here.  I don't happen to be a goddamn bodybuilder.
Don't count yer chickens here, Smith.  I can't see shit.
Holy shit!  It's Gayley!
This shit has gotta be great for the paint job!
"Elliot"?  The heroic goddamn fireman?
I was giving him some advice is all. Preparing him for life.  You don't want him to grow up soft, Ev	, it's tough out there, it's a goddamn jungle.
"Into it"!  "Into it", for Chrissake!  I was practically living in the goddamn thing... every time I turned around, some other person wants me to save 'em.
Down on my luck!  Hey, I toldja, a goddamn plane fell on me outta the sky.  In America, for Chrissake! See this shoe!  Hundred dollar pair of shoes.  One shoe!
Hey, do I look crazy?  I don't go for that shit... interviews, media. They're manipulators.  "Keep a low profile," that's my motto.
What kind of message are you giving to youth?  Sneering at someone for sticking his neck out.  You sound like my ex for heaven's sake... Mister Cynicism.
Your father is Bernie LaPlante, Joey.  It's against his religion to stick his neck out.
You're a credit to the goddamn human race.  Coulda been me in that plane. Or my family.
Next thing I know, I'm in this medical unit an' I see the other dude, the one who was with me when we got jumped, the one who I thought was dead.  There he is in the next bed.  I says "How'd we get here, brother?  We dead or what?" He says, "That crazy white brother, Johnny Bubber, he come back for us, hauled us out."  He shoulda been wrote up, got a medal, but it was fate.  Wasn't no officers around to observe it or nothing.
The sonofagun goes out in the paddies, pulling us outta there, one after the other, six guys.  Hey, it don't surprise me one bit it was Johnny Bubber went into that plane!
Fifty bucks says the asshole was never even in Vietnam.
INMATES, their tough faces momentarily solemn, watching.
Quit shovin', lady.  Hey, watch yer elbow.  YOU'RE ALL NUTS FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!  WHATSA MATTER WITH YOU?
Ev, you gotta understand, it's this...  this goddamn business trip, no wait, don't hang up, Ev, just a sec, listen, I just wanna say one thing, okay?  One thing!
I know I kinda act like an asshole sometimes.  I know that.  I know you were a good wife.  I know I fucked it up.  I had a good thing an' I blew it.  I just want you to know I know that, okay?  I gotta go now.  Business trip.  It's gonna be a while.
LaPlante!  That asshole!  I don't... Hey, is that you, from the tee vee? In person?
Hey, listen, great that you're a career-fiend, I got a wife and family, I...
You!
Hey, put that thing down.  This is my goddamn apartment, you can't just...
You gotta tune it, ya bozo.  You gotta adjust it.
He's gotta be a nut!  He saves all those people and swipes a purse?
I got a kid, you know.  I'm a person, for Chrissake.
Come on, John, don't be an asshole. I don't like heights.
In private.  They got cameras and alla that crap in there. Microphones.
Lighten up, John.  You think you got problems for Chrissake?
Which don't sound like such a bad goddamn idea, John.
Well, we gotta work this thing out, John.  It's a goddamn mess an' I'm halfway to doing serious time in the joint an' the TV lady's so stuck on you she don't want it to come out you stole her purse because it might break the heart of millions.
No, Gale, you are not a hardbitten, cynical hard-ass, you just think you are.  You are a goddamn cream puff!  Try and be a hard-ass!
There was this kid there saying, "Go in there and save my father, mister." And I'm thinking about my boy Joey and this goddamn fireman my wife's seeing. It was like I was supposed to save myself.
LaPlante, you crazy bastard!
You media people, you think you can just go anywhere you want, spy on people.
One layer of bullshit on top of another.  So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's your bullshit, so to speak.  You got that?
Well, my friend, all is not well on the hippie front.
You're an industrious little fucker, aren't ya... Yeah, it's funny how things happen at particular times. I've loved that woman for a lot of years. But you know, she's got a...story. We've been going through this thing real quietly cause, well...So, after running into you last night, this thing we were going through quietly, she started talking about. You know what I mean?
Sundry vagabonds...
and I've gotten you this token, this damned expensive token, as a token of that appreciation.
Those are my Hudderites. Agriculture's a pretty transient business. These guys come off the Hudderite colony looking for work. I always got work for people. Then that guy -
No, I just like White Russians.
I gotta take a piss.
As Alexander Supertramp returns to civilization...a hobo.
I'm a for real hobo.
Well, this is somethin' out here. Don't you worry about those dope smokers and nudists down below there?
The government's the same as my parents. They don't respect anybody. Regulation. Regulation. Regulation. WE can't do this. But THEY can do that. I mean, the hypocrisy of the whole...culture.   Makes me crazy. My father was having children                * with two women at the same time, and then              * has the gall to think that he can be of some guidance to me? Make judgments on me? My mother, of course, goes along with all of it. Keeps the secret, which of course, makes my whole life a fiction. Everything I thought was, wasn't. They're such fools! Fucking idiots!
You got a White Russian?
Son, what the hell you running from?
Sittin' on my butt, huh?
I'll show you sittin' on my butt.
Ya little pinhead.
Ya little pinhead.
Holy Shit!
I think he was a bit stoned. I think he and my mother smoke joints from time to time.
As I understand it, you acted according to the rules. But in war as in war, and we're in a war here! Have no doubt about it! In war… shit happens. So whatever happened, happened, and I don't want to go into the details, because if we start digging into them, all of you here will pay the price!
I ever tell you 'bout the time I whupped his ass?
Hey girl, you fine, you know that? Tell me what 'chu need baby.
What up yo, how you doin'?
Fuckin' strategizin' here.
Parkin' lot there at the beach, Riis Park. We'd go out there in the winter it was all empty, icy and shit. She'd be skiddin' that fuckin' thing all over the place. Marcus smiles.
Not everywhere. Shit, in Hawaii it's probably only lunch time.
Though my shoulder was cut pretty bad, in the end it was more than worth it. Word spread quick that I wasn't someone to fuck with.
I mean watch TV, half these motherfuckers are paper gangstas, singin' about shit they only seen in movies -- I was livin' it every day. I decided right there to formulate a plan. INT. PRISON - MARCUS'S CELL - NIGHT
Before I knew it, my time was up and I hit the ground runnin'. First thing I did was make a demo of some shit I wrote inside. INT. HOME RECORDING STUDIO - DAY
Dick Gregory, fuckin' protein powder.
I was fuckin' possessed, I hardly even slept. But hard as I worked at the crack game, I worked twice as hard at my music. INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO - DAY As Darius Clay and Tony Cash work the sound board, Marcus wears headphones, rapping into a microphone over a beat.
Whatchu listenin' to?
You takin' over for T-Cat, Tyrell here your number two.
Over the next few months, I worked my ass off in the studio. INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO
Genesis dropped my ass.
Mix tapes, bootlegs, sell 'em right there on the sidewalk. You got a buzz man, people already know who you are. Fucked as it is, gettin' shot got you more press than any fuckin' record deal.
What started as an independent record hit like nothin' I'd ever done, I mean it spread like a fuckin' gasoline fire. KIDS in the park hover around a boom box listening in disbelief to the song; a local RADIO DJ holds up the bootleg, talks into the mic; a sidewalk CD Hustler hawks the bootleg on the street.
standing behind them.
You woulda done the same fuckin' thing, man! Marcus looks at him, almost smiles. MARCUS
You’re deﬁnitely naughty!
You’re jealous.
AND PUGSLEY
PUGSLEY
a baby. PUGSLEY
ass in a deep frier with a side of slaw and some gravy and just munch-munch-munch!
Come on fellas, give
to yourself Burgundy! like a gay.
this new fad called "jogging."
sue you for sexual
Portland, I'm Alicia Tits McGee is on
like friggin'
Ah! Man nipple!
Suck it!
thought maybe you'd like to come on out to the house and see if we can make some damn sense of this.
gonna You're
That's dense forrest. find those loonies up
No. If they go up there with sirens blaring those crazies could panic.
Oh man, the pigs are gonna pants when this goes down. Alicia
Alright fellas. This Nam back in 64'. I'm Don't make a move til ahead.
balls
do it when you have the best damn reporter in the country right here. Burgundy
Man, you're losing your audience.
God, you're a slob.
You know, when you dumped me for that wimp, I thought, Cole, she'll be back. God wants the two of you to be together, and sure enough...
Bitchin' place.
I'd like to jerk and press those babies.
Nothing. We got no women.
Jumbo, where the hell are the women?
Look at that guy. What a hunk.
Help this person help others get laid. Give till it hurts. He needs you.
So, they want action, eh? Are you with me, me hardies?
The Dick.
You're a pimp?
Some fat slob in the next booth is making a lot of noise.
Hookers. It's a party!
Nah, that's okay. My brother has to look up old people's asses all day long. Let's give him a break.
Yeah, sure... I was eye to eye with an unfamiliar pud.
Hey, Bob, this beats the shit out of sushi, doesn't it?
Deb, we're pretending to be hookers.
Ed... you're kinky!
Arcadian,
You are Xerxes.
More likely offering your backside to the Thespians. Jealously friend.
an idealist.
a realist.
you!
People ain’t fuck around in those days. The crowd rushes Helen, who with a small controlled movement of her left arm, slaps three grown men across the courtyard. But the residents of Cabrini Green over whelm her, burying her in a dog-pile.
“Candyman.” Come on. The camera goes from a close to medium shot revealing that BRIANNA, 33, Anthony’s girlfriend, has been seated next to him the whole time. She clearly doesn’t have time for any of this shit What’s that?
You still eat that old-lady candy, man? I like ‘em.
Why? I mean sure, but this area still isn’t really fully appealing to the affluent yet. Shit don’t change overnight. Still some crime too.
You’re good... With your sassy ass.
Now get that cute ass out here.
Jesus Mom, get the hell down from there. What are you doing?
When am I gonna meet this girlfriend of yours.
I’m sorry, young blood. Jake passed in November. Good brother though. Damn.
Tell you the truth, Jake was a junk man’s junk man. Sentimental as hell though. I guess that’s why he got into this business. Shit probably me too.
I suspect that’s why business stays good for me though. Butcher just sells meat, and you can get that at Whole Foods. Hardware store sells hammers, and you can get better ones at Home Depot. But all this shit? These are stories. Without stories, what was never was, we all pretty much lost. Can’t sell that at Whole Foods.
Come back you cowards!
Get out of the way. ANTHONY
Collins is a worried-looking woman who has seen some shit in her day. Lipez, pounding an iced-coffee, is probably too handsome for his own good.
He fucking saved my life, man.
I know you love how I eat pizza. Gotta flip that shit over to get that cheese working on the taste buds.
Now get that cute ass out here.
Great. Got it. So that’s it? She kills unfaithful dudes? I don’t know.
That man from the damn shop. Parnell... Parvell... Par... Mr. Purcell?
Hey, keep that crazy shit down.
Yeah, I’m selling the gallery. I’m thinking I might try to open a recreation center here in the neighborhood. Get these kids painting and sculpting. Bored of all the old shit.I thought you said that goddamn ultrasound read normal! It did!
This looks just like Zone Three. He wanders deeper into the place, wondering what all the damn tuss was about. Soon he begins to hear FAINT SOUNDS -- animal sounds? 3 6A
Martin, it you'r• watchin9 thia, if you can hqr m.r voice, liat,n to me. I knew you re aiclc and confua41d and friqhtaned, but you n•ed our help. All n want, c!eaparat•ly, i i to g1v• ycu that h•lp.
What happened with your mother’s first husband? Holy shit -- he’s not suspicious of her, he’s after Sophie.
They got evicted. State law is three day’s notice. They left a lot of junk behind for the owners to clean up, tenants do that shit all the time.
Heather, I told you we should have gone to Chippendales! I don’t care if they’re all gay.
...Dawg, you smell great! You been into some cool shit. WOOF.
You can even bring another dog home. Sure, your steady dog might get a little jealous, but the worst he’s gonna do is pee on your carpet, shit on the floor, maybe chew up a shoe or two. My third wife did all those things. But then she went and did what all wives do -- she got a lawyer. A dog will never do that. A dog will never go out and get a lawyer. And here’s another thing a dog will never do. When a dog dies, it will not be resurrected 25 years later on “Nostalgia Night.” Now I’m not suggesting anything, but if you get the right kind of dog--
Here he is. The prick who came in from the cold.
All right. Gay. Sorry.
‘Raw’ as in ‘rough.’ For them, going viral cause you beat the shit out of someone is a plus.
You’re a lesbian!
How about the timing? Give me some imput.
Every woman’s somebody’s daughter. I pretty sure that Puerto Rican girl was somebody’s granddaughter.
Mack can be a dick, but at least he’s there.
Dick, you got a minute.
Gleason loved my tits.
You playing a dick or a corpse? Either way you don’t have to act. D’Angelo chuckles, knowing he set himself up.
That’s enough Dick...
I like tucheses.
Have you met Adele the gym teacher? She used to be able to climb up a rope with just her ass.
“NOT MAKIN POOPY”.
Oh shut-up.
He’s always writing about privacy. Encryption, whisper-phones, all kinds of spy shit. Cachet could be big.
You crazies like the games on her phone. Sam kisses the giggling twins.
I was just outta school when I met this guy. And you know what I saw? He wasn’t doing it for the cash. He loved the game itself. And he played it like a pro. The day I left to start a hedge fund he sends a fucking hedgehog to my office. Michael smiles fondly.
I play. I own the fucking place. It’s boring as shit. The playing, the owning, give me a fucking break. She smiles. She truly loves this guy. He’s the father she never had. 61
I never really gave a shit. 62
Yeah? When is my year?? Tell me, when is my fucking year?! Randall says nothing. She looks at him, realizing that her day is not going to come, not within these walls. She takes a deep breath. She turns to the Jenga blocks, and taking the exact one she wants, causes the tower to topple. 154
Take her, Shelley.
I suppose it's kinda like the Nobel “piece of ass” Prize.
I'm an old hag.
Oh, uh, yeah. Actually, I'm here with my girlfriend -He opens the door a crack wider and we see his girlfriend -a six-foot-tall GLAMAZON who looks like she could kick the shit out of both of them.
She’s not a Zeta. She’s our new hizzity housemother. She’ll be hizzity here all the tizzity time.
Thank you so much, Maria. I promise you I'm going to help Zeta Tits and Ass become the best sorority ever!
Wash those cars, you sexy bitches!
Don't listen to those girls!
And he's got a high ass. Perfect for the bedroom.
When I was little, one of my foster moms had a coffee cup that said, "Life is a shit sandwich, but you don't have to take a bite." And I've tried to live by those words ever since.
Or maybe it’s because your butt is smoking hot.
She just did a goddamn good piece on the influence of the Armory Show.
Goddammit, Jack, we stand for something here, too.
You're goddamn right. We believe in the law.
I hope to kiss a pig he is.
Jack! You son of a bitch! How are you? Will you tell frog £ace here how much fun our boys're gonna be havin' if the Ruskies get out of the war.
You couldn't get to Lissitsky?
Have a great ould time of it you lucky bastard you. Both men leave. The whistle now comes again. Reed stuffs the papers in his pockets. Now he can see the approaching figure is a man.
American.
Look, you wanna be elite? You gotta do a righteous hack. None of this accidental shit.
Aww, Spank your ass...
Oh shit, Joey, you've got a tail.
Yo, man, you an amateur, man.
That kid cut him off!
You are called suck.
To get laid?
Hey! Watch it, jerk!
Will you stop being so negative? I got your back, man. Who saved you from those lions when you were a baby? They were going to pounce, had you surrounded. Took the mama lion-- BAM!-- kneed her right in the face. Papa lion comes flying at me-- BAM!-- dropped an elbow, knocked his ass out.
I am Zed and this is Oh, sons of-- people you wouldn't know.
Abominable.
Yes, I am, mother! Those new linen pants you got me from Egypt make my ass look just huge.
How's it going? I just had my whole body painted by a fat guy with no balls, and believe me, he was very thorough, if you know what I mean. How's it going with you?
This-guy. Ohquickly changes the subject.
Holy shit! That kid's got an arm!
Incredible erection. Zed looks down at his crotch.
-- look, just shut up. Let's cut through the shit. You asked me here because you want me to catch and kill Jason Voorhees for ya'. I'll do it, but it won't be easy...and it won't be cheap. One hundred grand, nonnegotiable.
He's a cute little fella.
Oh shit. What does he want?
Not like that you perverts! Roaring.
You’re god damn right I did! You know how painful that decision was to make. You were there.
Is it too ass kissy to wear a tie?
Mom, this is serious, get out of the way.
“Jumby wants to be born And then he hit me.
You were Pongo.
So maybe you’re gay.
I’m not gay.
You know Dick Patterson said he couldn't even get his arms around her to Heimlich her.
If you grow up spending your money like you spend your words, you'll be penniless your whole life.
We freeze our nuts off.
You don't have any nuts to freeze off.
The whole goddamn place smells good. Everything. Even the clothes. And when you take a bath, use this crap called creme rise and it makes your hair real slippery and it don't hurt to comb it.
Speaking of which, that goddamn little urchin gave me a pop you wouldn't believe. Knuckle punch right in the nose.
That was an accident. I'm sure when you got in bed you scared the living hell out of Curly Sue.
Total pisser.
She's illiterate.
Why are you being so intransigent? I popped off at dinner. Big deal. I didn't like walking into a restaurant and seeing my lady sitting with a cleaned-up hobo, you know. I got a little crazy.
What's got into you? Somebody wants to take you to a dentist and you jump all over 'em?
I used to take her in bars when she was a baby. Women would flock around me and look at her. And I'd get somebody to go home with because they wouldn't be afraid of a man with a baby. I've never been worth a good goddamn. I never did anything good. I never thought anything good. But I had this baby.
At first I used to think her mother was a bitch. I did terrible things to her in my mind. The more time I spent with the baby and then the little girl, I didn't hate her so much. And I started to look at her leaving Sue as an act of compassion.
Stay off your husband's back.
Total pisser.
She's illiterate.
Why are you being so intransigent? I popped off at dinner. Big deal. I didn't like walking into a restaurant and seeing my lady sitting with a cleaned-up hobo, you know. I got a little crazy.
What's got into you? Somebody wants to take you to a dentist and you jump all over 'em?
Stay off your husband's back.
And I told you to get your ass back here! Difference is, only one of us was thinking about the mission BRAND Cooper, you were thinking about getting home - I was trying to do the right thing!
Unless you’re punishing me for screwing up on Miller’s planet.
I 1 m sorry, we 1 re a little con!'used.
ARAB
When you absolutely, positively, gotta kill every motherfucker in the room, accept no substitute. That there is the Chinese one. I pay eight- fifty and double my money.
He's just repeating shit he overheard. He ain't any more a gun expert than I am.
So just calm your ass down, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Oh, that's just my white friend, Louis. He's got nothing to do with my business. We just hangin together. We're on our way to a cocktail lounge.
Fella named Beaumont. They have him up at county. It started out drunk driving, but they wrote it up "possession of a concealed weapon." Dumb monkey-ass had a pistol on him.
Man, he won't like that. Beaumont don't got a doin' time disposition.
Naw, man. They just tryin' to put a fright in your ass.
Nothin' really. Just kinda goin' back and forth. They had some black girl from some black show on Jay Leno. I watched that for a bit, but I kept flippin channels cause I didn't know who she was.
Naw, man. I just told you, I'm comfortable. I ain't about to walk into that roach motel and get uncomfortable. You bring your ass out here.
We could, smart ass... or we could work out what's known as a Substantial Assistance Agreement. That is if you're willing to cooperate. Tell us who gave you the money and who you're giving it to.
Ever heard of a fella named Beaumont Livingston?
I had the chance to talk to Beaumont yesterday. You see, like you, Beaumont found himself in some hot water. He was looking at ten years he was pretty sure he didn't want to do and was understandably concerned. Now maybe you don't know Beaumont, but Beaumont knew you, and maybe so does the guy who blew Beaumont's head off.
Well then, Miss Brown. Why don't you have a seat and tell us who might know something about this fuckin' shit.
Yeah, but that's not what this was about. They were fuckin waitin' for my ass. They knew I had that money, they even knew the amount. The one who searched my bag, from L.A.P.D., Dargus, hardly even looked at it. "Oh, I'd say there's fifty thousand here. What would you say?" But all they could do was threaten me and hand me over to Customs, and I could tell they didn't want to do that.
'Cause if he busted you, you'd play hell bonding out of federal court. He doesn't want you mad at him, he wants you to tell him what you know. He uses you to get a line on Ordell, make a case, then take him federal. You know what Ordell's into?
But if all I can give 'em is Ordell's name -- I don't really know shit about what he does or how he does it -- That don't give me much to bargain with.
This fella Beaumont, they say what happened to him?
Yeah, somebody musta been real mad at Beaumont. Or they were afraid of what he might say to keep from doin' some time. I'magine from time-to- time they asked you a whole shitload of questions. And you didn't give 'em no answer?
The cops didn't try and strangle my ass.
I understand woman, damn!
She ain't said it, but she's not stupid, she knows it's you who wants her.
Short of wearing a wire, I'll do everything I can to help you throw his ass in jail. And in exchange for my help, I need permission to leave the country and immunity.
It's a cockatoo.
Well, shit. That don't mean you gotta confirm it!
...so first he tries to get into the cocaine business but realizes right away that shit's too competitive. Piss the wrong person off, you get shot. So he says, fuck that -- moves over to guns. You can sell guns wherever there's a demand. No one gives a shit. He acts like he's this big international arms dealer, when, come on, the only people he ever sold to were dopers.
He killed a man worked for him the other night.
She leaves, somebody'll be on her.
You said it yourself. Ray wants Ordell, he don't give a shit about the money. Money won't convict him, guns will. Yeah, sure, if it falls in their lap, they take it. If they know they got it, they'll look for it... but if they don't...
That's what you do to go through with the shit you start. You rationalize. I can do this, Max, I know I can. But I can't do it without you.
Just chill the fuck out, Jackie. It ain't no big thing. The woman you saw was my friend, Simone. She's the one gonna be receiving the money, so I just wanted her to see how it works. She'll be here any minute. Nice woman, you'll like her.
Hang it up, she's on her way. You gotta listen to this. This involves you.
Killian's.
Ordell has a white guy working for him named Louis.
I imagine shit needs to be done.
White girl named Melanie Ralston. Another girlfriend of Ordell's.
...You wear this to a business meeting, you're the badass in the room...
Git your ass in here.
Buggered off to college.
...and your arse feels so good in my hands.
Shit. What time is it? 65
Yes, it is. All that stuff in Brixton. And skinheads. And Thatcher. And those kids in New Cross.
What is it with you lot? You’re like my mum. Why do you all care so much about a bunch of random posh people?
Ignore them. Bastards. Hilary and Stephen both crouch, frozen, in the near dark. They can hear Constable Bramah’s voice through the letterbox.
So do I, man.
I know how they feel, man.
No there isn't, man! It's narrow. It's dull. It's a dull, narrow town full of dull, narrow people who don't know anything except... what things are like right around here. They have no perspective whatsoever. No scope. They might as well be living in the nineteenth century because they have no idea what's going on, and if you try to tell 'em that, they wanna fuckin' kill you.
You are a bad kid.
Ow! Shit!
You're fired!
Now you just listen to me. I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how. And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him. He's going to find out the world is a horrible place and that people suck soon enough, and without any help from you. Believe me!
I don't know. I just want to get out of this town. And if you've got any sense when you get old enough you'll get out of here too. Your Mom's gonna live in this town for the rest of her life, and you know why? Because she thinks she has to. Don't ask me why, but that's the truth. She thinks there's all these things she has to do, but you want to know one thing about your Mom? She's a bigger fuck- up than I ever was. I mean, I know I messed up. You think I enjoy getting thrown in jail because I wanted you to face that prick your Dad like a little man and see what kind of a guy he is? I know I got a little carried away, and I lost my temper just a little bit -- which is not the end of the world either, by the way, just for future reference --And now she's kickin' me out of my own house because -- you know, because I fucked up a little bit. Which I totally admit. I was like -- totally ready to admit that.
And to working things out with this tough new son of a bitch boss of yours. And whatever might have passed between us after hours doesn't mean you just walk away from that commitment -- yeah, even when you have a legitimate family emergency.
...but it's always really good to know that wherever I am, whatever stupid shit I'm doing, you're back at my home, rooting for me.
You goin' t'see the Big White Fathuh?
He goin' t'see the Big White Muthuh...
Haw, look at 'im, big 'nough to eat apples off my head an' he mine me like a baby...
Jesus, you're crazy, McMurphy.
So long, fellas...
Ain't this a pisser?
Through the ass.
Martini, there ain't nobody there, ya dumb goon! Go get the ball!
Hey-ya, hey-ya, come on, come on, I'm waitin' on you suckers, you hit or you sit...
Boogered!
Oh, Lulu had a baby, His name was Sunny Jim, She put 'im in a piss pot, To teach 'im how to swim. Oh, he swam to the bottom, He swam to the top, Lulu got excited, An' pulled 'im by his... Cock-tail ginger-ale, Five cents a glass, An' if ya don't like it Ya can shove it up your... Ask me no more questions, I'll tell ya no more lies.
But then I got to thinkin', the music is so loud already, it makes it difficult for the young fellas to hold a decent conversation...
Well, I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head, when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there, an' I said to myself, McMurphy, I said, that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think, Doc?
It's your dirty roll, Cheswick.
Not that one, you crazy bastard, that's my house...
Put your money where your mouth is, Taber.
Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business.
Bye-bye, pussy cat.
Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here!
Come on, don't crap out on me now. We got two buddies out there!
Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella.
Hey, hey, you ding-a-lings, you creeps, you goons...
Just fine, Billy boy, just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar! They checked my plugs and cleaned my points...
Yeah, well, let me tell ya somethin'... While I was up there gettin' in-lightened, I came up with one hellava plan...
Now you talkin'.
Jus' playin' the game, sucker...
How's your ass been holdin' up, honey?
Yeah, well, he looks like hell!
Take you han's offa me!
Is he one of the loonies?
Smells like piss. Is this real, Candy? Is this really real? I mean we are in an insane asylum, an' I wanna know how we got ourselves into this scene.
Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
Don't you sweet talk me you ol' spook, you!
Bibbit? Where's Bill Bibbit, ya damn goons?
But over the last six months 110,000 gallons of fuel has been stolen from my family and I. Now the reason we asked Bill to get you all here is because the people in this room are the only people within two hundred miles of here who have the ability to purchase and store that kind of quantity. So... no matter what bullshit you have been telling each other one of you... or two... or three... has been allowing this to happen by buying this from these cowards or worse yet hiring these guys just to do it. And profiting from it. So what I am saying is... Stop! Now. Have some pride in what you do and stop.
You get what you pay for.
Who designed these costumes? Who designed these costumes? It looks like Edith Head puked and that puke designed these costumes. Get Madge.
I don't know what she's bitching about, she's flashed her tits in the last five movies... she'd bare her breasts to do a voice over.
Like dykes and dogs.
Y'know what you got there? You got a fishhook in your finger.
He says they're looking for you all day, you're on salary, he needs pages, what are you, you been 'haying?' Now:
Yeaup, but those grosses are inflated.
He's been playin' Old Farmer nigh on sixty years.
Everybody needs a hob...
Mr. Barrenger.
That's what they call an events cluster. Some guy, nobby orders a Manhattan, fifteen, twenty years, allasudden, three times inna night.
...some fella. Orders a Manhattan.
I tell you what, let's ditch these cockamamie locals. I need to get outta here. Go to some roadhouse tonight, just us. Claire, Bob, siddown, have a bottle of wine. Tell me where we're going, and let's go.
Who's White...?
Oh, good. I'm his lawyer... and you must be Perry Mason. Guess what, you're about one-half step from a world of hurt... how diverting... the Mayor's gonna have your ass. Can I watch?
Do you have any idea what's involved? The paperwork alone? Forget you got to build it all, getting the fucking permits, that's enough to drive you crazy. Then the engineers show up. They stand around and they argue about drainage -- I'm telling you, you'll want to shoot somebody, I've been through it, I know.
Happened to Toebbens. Almost. Himmler goes up to Warsaw, tells the armament guys, "Get the fucking Jews out of Toebbens' factory and put Toebbens in the army," and -- "and sent him to the Front." I mean, the Front.
Any, :.1ny , you do n't mo.ke such a bad ... lookin ' p ri e st .
as bartender answcrz pho n e which is si t u o.t ed in a s c clud 0d co :r-ner of the roo:r.1, Tho b£,rtcnJer , after listeninc , ca.lls t o one of tv10 men at tho bar , who ar c t h ro wins bar - dice , DAHT:;:;;ND:SH
as noclcy
Gee -- kin you see 1 i m! He got a hunnerd bullets in 'im!
KEL"r'"ER
.Smart kid . (he h8 s i tn tes a r1ornent , considers her - r:hetller and she can be trusted
VJho I s the 'uos s ?
wunt you to understand
yo u thinl-: I 1m just a stu bb orn j ack ass - a sort of a holier - than - thou refor~IBr - a sentin~ntal i dealist . You 1re ri 6ht . I have · been ••• al l of that . But no more, Rocky ••• I want
••• these men -- these graft in g officials -- these gangster s who are becoming popu.le.r heroes -these t~:deves , murder ers and kid in nappers who walk the streets freedor:1 -- all of them nust be cleaned out if we are to sa ve the yo~th of OUl, cities from being ta1J,Gllt tl::.8.t the quickest way to su cc eed. is to go out side of the
FAT:E.BRCOlmELLY DENOUNCES
as Roc ky moves him go .
up on t ho roo f holdin
Hov: much t ime before
You don 1 t nant mo to a&ninister extreme unction , Rocky ••• ?
HOCKY:
The poor little tyke might have a hard time finding herself a hubby. But as far as getting along in the world, it's a real blessing that Sissy's a girl-child. Lord, I reckon this youngun would never make a mechanic.
Sissy.
Shit O goodness, I'm all out of sherry; how about some Red Ripple?
Shit O goodness, you won't be thirty for another year, and you're more beautiful than ever.
Howard! Watch your manners. You've made her blush. Here, Sissy, let me compare.
So she left town. Well, that shouldn't surprise you. Leaving town is what Sissy is all about. But tell me, how did she strike you?
Shit O dear, Julian. Do you mean to tell me you didn't get it on?
By any chance are you Sissy Hankshaw?
Little twit.
Sissy, cowgirl history is about to be made. I'm damn glad you're here to witness it.
Any of you ladies who would like to join us, you're welcome to stay on as a full working podner at the Rubber Rose. Rest of you get packed -- and I mean now. You've got fifteen minutes to move your lard asses off this ranch.
Personally, I prefer Stevie Wonder, but what the hell. Those cowgirls are always bitching because the only radio station in the area plays nothing but polkas, but I say you can dance to anything if you really feel like dancing.
Shit O dear.
I'll fight the bastards.
You got shocks, pegs.
Stay home and eat all the freakin' chips.
Well that place was a rip-off.
I dunno, but she left all this crap on my porch.
What's a liger?
The one that left all the crap on your porch.
Yeah her.
I think you ripped my mole off.
Well, you got a sweet bike, you're pretty good at hooking up with chicks. Plus you're like the only guy at school that has moustache.
I'm LaFawnduh.
You're a big man Real tough.
I could kick your butt Napoleon. So I'd shut up.
Mind if I cut in? Rich Twit turns, annoyed - Wayne hands him his cane. Takes Selina by the waist. She glares at him.
And you don't?! We're not letting one nut with a bad attitude and some fancy gadgets run this town down, you hear me?!
These men, locked up in Blackgate for eight years, denied parole under the Dent Act. Based on a lie.
You steal from us, you little bastard? They grab the Kid's backpack, the Gangbanger pulls out an apple, moves to hit the Kid when - SMACK! - his hand is grabbed, and the apple flies into the air as his arm cracks. Selina catches the apple.
Hell, you got steady work.
Quit ridin' her, Frankie.
You got a lousy hand, Frankie.
Yeah. All a colored woman wants is your money.
You got a lovely face, kid. Ain't too often I get to meet a girl like you. Hell--
Let's go! That's the preacher's girl. Mess with him and you got old man Johnson on your back. Come on.
No. Women're always followin' me 'round.
People seen him 'round.
Well, matter of fact, I done a lot of bangin' 'round.
Okay, so what's a girl supposed to do? Me not workin' and her cleanin' house for a white man. I'm tellin' you, boy, keep away from marriage. Ya gotta stay light on your feet or you won't make it.
Trouble with you, boy, you ain't got no sense of humor. Ought to smile more.
You' new here, man!
Like hell. You know, if you fellows stuck together 'stead of letting them walk all over you, they might not try it.
Like hell they wouldn't.
That's no way to talk, boy. Now we had one of them union men 'round here coupla years ago. Stirred up a lot of trouble. They're always after you colored boys.
Hell, baby - I met this beautiful chick and she's just dyin' for me, okay?
What's bitin' you now!?
Like hell they can't.
Hell, they're getting' too big for their britches.
You watch your mouth, man!
My son? I ain't got no son. You Duff?
Agathe? You'd hang your accusation on the testimony of a filthy hag?
Where'd you get this snotty old thing?
Nobody's gonna kill you.
Mother, for petesakes.
Okay, Garcia.  What the hell.
Gimme a hand, dammit!
Go even crazier?
I don't think you're going crazy -- and stop drinking that damn coffee!
Paid the guy damn good to make sure you stayed put.  You ain't goin' nowhere, kid.  You're gonna sleep tonight if it kills me.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard. We play in your court.
He's in the john puking since he saw it.
Hey -- Daddy!  Hey!  I got the bastard!
I won’t die here. We’ll sit here till the fucking cops come, or whatever. But I won’t fucking die. A grandfather clock sits in the darkness, just beyond the light shining in from the hallway. The sound of ticking overshadows their nervous breathing as they wait for something to happen. James opens the barrel, dropping in a shell and loading another one and closes it. He opens and closes it again, just double checking. EXT.
Water main.  Broke all the way over on 40th Street and Seventh. Subway's a damn river.
It's your choice, fellas.
Ah, your psychotic is here.
Put your damn foot down.
I was one of the arresting officers.  He had a copy of the goddamn thing too.
Stone is their spokesman.  You think if someone really had all that information and a national podium to shout it out from that they'd let him do it?  Stone's a disinformation flunky.  The face that he's alive says it all.
I'm gonna take a piss in the alley before it starts to pour.
Whatever.
Ah, you just like it cause he’s talkin’ about breasts!
Declan Brady, you got a floor full of vacant rooms up there and you’re gonna throw this lass out into the street?
Seriously, there’s no way this heap is gonna make it to Dublin.
Oh, so you hate Americans!
No. That bloke’s a Ramblers fan. He can’t be trusted. Declan points to the driver’s jersey. Anna rolls her eyes. She gets in the van. The driver scoffs at Declan.
We’re on our way to a match. Gettin’ millied up to kick some hoolie arse! They all let out a whoop of a BATTLE CRY. Then burst into a ROWDY MENACING FOOTBALL CHANT:
You should mind your own business, mucker! The OLD FARMER climbs out of his RUSTY LITTLE PICKUP and YELLS at the Hooligans in Gaelic. Ned scoffs.
Okay so hundreds of years ago the whole of Ireland was ruled by bands of warriors. Real hard asses, right? Not like those sissy knights in King Arthur. Anyway, there was this beautiful young woman, Grainne, who had been promised in marriage to an old war lord named Fionn -They pass under an arch that is centuries old ...
Well done there. Shut up.
They kiss for a moment.
Stay back. INSIDE THE BUS- tilting further, its ass~end pointing sharply down to the water below.
I saw my younger sister. Tessa. She died when I was fifteen. Damn.
Who are you? How dare you talk like this to us?
Gene sequence, my ass. He pulls up the website for Harvard med school. ON SCREEN -- That Harvard logo.
Now get the hell back to work.Citizens of France.
Go home, find a wench, live long and prosper.
Let's see. You are, by your dress and by your manner, members of a bone-lazy class of servile ninnyhammers whose slavish allegiance to His Eminence the Cardinal is as that of a dog who likes nothing better than to sniff today where he has peed the day before.
Well said. I'm impressed. Ninnyhammers.Oh my God! I've only just realised! That's what's going to happen to you, isn't it? Look at her! Men are going to pick her up in the street and take her out to supper!
Well, what's she going to do with an English degree? And if she's going to spend three years playing that bloody cello and talking in French to beatniks, then I'm throwing good money after bad. I suppose she might meet a nice lawyer. But she could do that at a dinner dance tomorrow.
Oh, English. Just like every other semi-employed layabout in London.
You have such a Victorian attitude to sex, you two.
Sod. Miss Davies.
You do know what you're doing, old chap? With Jenny?
David's asked you to marry him? Bloody hell. Pardon my French.
May not an ass know when the cart draws the horse? Sings whoop jug I love thee.
You have to put the cosy on straight away.
You know this filthy child?!
You Terrans?
It's Dave, not Tom, asswipe.
I knew it! I knew this guy was cruising for some ass.
You want us to help you get laid?
Jesus, man. Chill out.
You know, I wish I were gay. I mean, if you think about it, gay guys get laid as much as they want and I mean, we're already such good friends. We like hanging out together, we've got the same interests. Wouldn't it be great if we were all gay too so we could have sex with each other?
Yeah, I know, being gay's no picnic. You got your parents and the gay bashers to deal with. But think about it. As much sex as you want any time you want it. And we wouldn't even have to leave the room. And no chicks to deal with.
I'm not saying I am gay. I'm just saying I wish I were gay. I wish we all were. Sam and Jeff completely ignore Dave.
You guys are afraid of that weasel? Let's just get the damn test back.
Even supermodels get the blues, man. You always hear about some hot chick who couldn't get a date for the Oscars or some shit. Because the men are afraid of them.
No, I'm just kidding. You jerk!
I've never had someone throw up in my mouth before, but I'm guessing it's a romance killer. Kind of reminds me of the time Jeff was doing whippets all night long and put his dick in the Jiffy Pop Popcorn. Man that shit is hot. But that's some good corn. And there's nothing more trippy than watching that foil expanding on the stove. I remember sophomore year, we wouldn't even eat the popcorn. We'd just put batch after batch on our little hot plate, watching it go.
Meeting the weasel.
No shit. You went out with Reanna? That's great! Why didn't you say something?
An awkward silence.
Easy there, partner. Look. All's I'm saying is you've got to do a better job at this volunteer crap if you want to get in with her. And try to be a little more sensitive. Dave pulls a Snickers bar out of his pocket and starts to eat it. Ethan stares at him.
Who's Ching Ped?
Dude, you're like fucking Alfred inviting Vicki Vale back to the Bat Cave.
Where the hell have you been all day? Class.
Get off of me.
Blokemore. Nigel Blokemore from the London office.
Sucks.
I heard she kicks all kind of ass.
I don't want you scaring off the coolest girl at my party Scott. We all know you're a total lady killer wannabe jerky jerk.
Yeah, they suck.
No. Not even. That was some total ass. I was the other guy. You're Ramona Flowers right?
If I say yes, will you sign for your damn package? Scott finally signs on the dotted line. And throws the package straight in the trash.
Dude, relax. I believe you. You're too desperate to be gay.
Kim...you rea-
Wait. I meant scum of the earth.
Will you man the hell up? You could get to 2nd and a half base.
Wallace. I am not a slut.
Lesbian?
Lesbians?
Well, not that fighting harder and harder battles for your love is getting old or anything...but have you ever dated someone who wasn't a total ass?
So far you're not a total ass.
But I'm part ass?
Well now you are being a total ass. Welcome to the club. In the back glass of the bar, Scott sees his reflection: fringed hair, wicked glare. He catches himself.
Then Gideon best get his pretentious ass up here, 'cos I'm about to kick yours out of the Great White North.
They're the next band in the battle and they are badass.
Whatever.
I got no beef with you.
We are Sex Bob-Omb, we are here to make money, and sell out and stuff. Kim clicks out a fast tempo. Sex Bob-Omb begin to ROCK OUT.
You stole him with your advanced American slut technology. DUAL DUEL! The fighters weave in and out of each other, throwing blocks and punches, KUNG FU STYLE.
Kim drives a hardcore beat. Sex Bob-Omb ROCK THE FUCK OUT. HIPSTERS ATTACK SCOTT PILGRIM to the BEAT. Scott swings his FLAMING RED SWORD, exploding each attacker into COINS.
And...you're not a fat ass. She didn't mean that. So, are we all good? Ramona rubs the back of her head. The CHIP no longer blinks.
Oh sure. I have. Plenty of times. One second. Two seconds. Ten. Jah-jerk.
You look terrible, Mr. Waturi. You look like a bag of shit stuffed inna cheap suit.  Not that anyone would look good under these zombie lights.  I can feel them sucking the juice outta my eyeballs. Three hundred bucks a week, that's the news.  For three hundred bucks a week I've lived in this sink. This used rubber.
I mean, a long time ago.  In the beginning.  I was full of piss and vinegar.  Nothing got me down.  I wanted to know!
Conservative underwear is the only way to go.  White cotton broadcloth boxers.  Silk shorts make you feel like a whore, so none of that.  But with the tee shirts, Egyptian cotton, all right?
I told you I was a flibbertigibbet.
Why'd you talk to me so snotty back on the dock?
Don't do it!  Please don't do it, Joe!  I love you!  I've fallen in love with you!  I've never loved anybody!  I don't know how it happened!  And I've never even slept with you or anything and now you're going to kill yourself!
Yes, I love you!  I can feel my heart!  I feel like I'm going crazy!  You can't die and leave me here on this stinking earth without you!
Oh!  That's dastardly.  You're both dastards.A great, gorgeous, sweet, cool-ass guy.
He’s just fucking with his phone. Playing, like, Tetris. They watch NICK a few more seconds.
I’m sorry. I just— I’ve had a job since I was 12. I mowed lawns and dug post holes and flipped burgers. I worked all these shitty jobs so I could go to college, and get a job. I don’t know how to not have a job.
It’s like you’re the goddam Homecoming King.
Andie, shit!
Do our code: no bullshit.
Steal pregnant idiot’s urine.
Cool Girl never gets angry at her man.
I meet Amy at this party-2004. We CLICK. She’s perfect. Like, if I could make up a girl, this would be the fucking girl.
Then Amy shows up one night. She’s got a bottle of bourbon and this bootleg of a band I love, and—fuck she’s all over me—and when this girl gets all over you—sorry, she’s your wife. But pretty soon.
And then they’ll forgive you. A guy admitting he’s a giant asshole? People love that stuff.
Oh my god. You little slut. CLOSE on TV in a bar. The bartender turns up the volume. ANDIE, dressed demurely, holds a press conference at Drury Lodge. She looks stricken. RAND and MARYBETH behind her. ANDIE goes up to a mike. Nervous.
What do you got on Korda?
See this. Solis has me driving the shit-mobile, and he picked this up straight out of impound for fourteen grand. Probably worth thirty.
Come here, hag.
I don't know what to tell you, mam, your brother ain't here. Try San Bruno.
Where the hell are you, McCall?
Yeah, I could get used to this Paradise shit.
You talkin' about gettin' 'nekked?'
Please, these are my cases. Nobody knows them like me. Don't give them away and don't give the Thumbprint Killer to the FBI. He's killed people in twelve other states, let them fuck up those investigations. This one's mine.
You're goddamn great, you know. To have the balls to do this.
I have to take a crap so bad.
Yes, highballs it is.
A lot of these newly rich people are just filthy bootleggers.
You brute.
We’re all white here, Tom.
Gatsby. Something outta be done about a fella like that. He’ll pay... Oh, he’ll pay... DISSOLVE TO: INT. TOM’S COUPÉ - NIGHT CLOSE ON: Tom driving. He sobs...
Tom was right! You’re nothing but a goddamn coward!But priceless -- that's another thing entirely. People say priceless when what they really mean to say that something is invaluable, or irreplaceable. That Minotaur statuette in your hands, for instance, dates from 460BC; there are only a handful like it remaining, and none in such pristine condition. I'm sure those fuckers at the Met or the British Museum would kill to get their greasy paws on it.
Ms Harris suffers from a common affliction among the intelligent women, which is to fall in love with lo imbrogliare, losers, bums. Aside from this, she is in perfect mental health, you know this as well as I do. You are simply stalling, using the boy as a bargaining chip.
He's a tough old goat to get an audience with. Mr. Chace.
Out of the way, fellas.
Siediti perfavore. Chace obeys.
You don't look like communists.
What would Getty pay
Nice work, fellas. And you?
He comes with the boy. Mammoliti looks Cinquanta over; a 21st Century gangster looking back at a Stone Age one.
Get me Fletcher Chace.
That's better. You can't go home to your mother looking like a sciattone.Exactly. So if I were you, I'd get your butts home before sunset and don't come back out until you're dressed for the occasion. Todd
Okay, okay. We break a stupid rule we get on Sam's shit list and he sends some ghoulish hit man after us. Fine. But what if you're like some Halloween Scrooge who breaks all of his rules? Dora
Asshole. What's Adrian
him the tittie-twister
a big lug, girlfriend:
So is that a costume or wolf in slut's clothing?
pervert.
your ass in here! listen,
your kid outta
~SSE TUR.NS. ITCHY HAS BEEN WATCaI HER. HE RISES, PUTSA COMPORTINO ARM.ABOUT HER SHOULDERS.
ro JUMP on 'rHE TABLE,., I N'IIOLIPB- 11 SIZE I STI LL I!J HotOGPA'"f'."''"RlNn!fJI..ST!tR ?!CK .S
THE ,SC'BEEN)
LINE THIN. THE, liTSH .ARE FLUORESCBlr! AND COLOllPUl.,., 'r1m TROOPER TURRS TRE
THADEfi DANll
MU.SIC:
K.I'i")
I kn ew you'd
wi t h yo,u.
'T QOITB PLACE I'll.
ft.ATTY OLDD:RO STOREON ME li'ARSIDE OP THE PLAZA.. INT. DRUGSTORE THE DRUGSTORE IS RUN BY A RATTYOLD ALIEN. A RE MANY KIN DS OF' S,UPPt IES ,
THERUBBLEANDFINDS
NLY, A LARGEHA RY ARMSMASH.ES THE GUNOUT OF THE TROOPER'SRAND,.
GOBSTO THECOMPO'I'ER
Mo't§T:ERS
Like hell!
In my day, they had old timers in the ticket wicket and freaks like him in the sideshow. Damn kid didn't even know what the Spec was.
HA! You didn't just jump a train boy. You jumped the Flying Squadron of the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth... You done landed your ass on a circus, kid! PRE-LAP: The Circus Train brakes screeching to a halt!
Remember, when you meet August let him do the talking and don't ever mention Ringling. He hates them bastards worse than the Depression.
And you'd carry water for elephants? Ha, ha...you have any idea how much water an elephant drinks, kid? College! Pfft! Never met a college man yet who knew his own ass from shinola.
Times are hard for everybody...And I guess because ... out of all the dirt and sweat and shit and working with fellas you don't want to be caught dead meeting in the daylight, comes...so much beauty. We think August and the men are moved by Jacob's words.
Some elephant tramp who dropped dead in Genesee sold her for a song which still ain't no bargain cause she ain't done a damn thing since but eat everything in sight.
Your balls itchy?
I don't know where we're gonna find a fat lady this late in the season.
Jacob, send Joe for ice. You go and find that Goddamn bull before we're run out town. And take the hook! August is seething, his expression cold, as he carries Marlena O.S. Jacob, concerned, takes the hook and runs O.S.
...In an alley behind a whore house in Baltimore wrapped in newspaper. No one even bothered to leave a note...This circus, my horses - this is the only kind of life I can have.
You deserve as good a life any other girl.
Grady don't lie to the man. If men were getting paid, Blackie wouldn't have tossed four of "em between Boonton and Weehawken.
Shut-up Camel.
Hello? Rick heads off, holding up a beer bottle, pointing to it and silently mouthing “you rock hard”. Ethan nods to him as:
Hey, I know we joke about it, but I am always this close to begging you to quit training our people and get your ass back in the field, but that’s not what you do anymore and so I respect that choice, you know
I just got my ass handed to me by Divola’s office. She’s supposed to be on the list, this was my fault -trust me, don’t make it yours. Trust me. The Vatican Guard considers this... then concedes.
Stop talking, man. This isn’t just about you. Whoever this girl is, you’re just gonna end up messing up her life, too. Don’t do it. And the mask is on now perfectly, as Ethan says:
Put the gun down. Let her go man, I am not telling you like this.
I think he's just a dick.
Relax, Phil. Nobody's talkin' about your dick here, okay? Phil brings Slim an iced tea and slice of pie:
I never call you Slim.
Ass.
It’s Smuts.
And admit that you are in fact gay.
Fine. I’m gay. I’m very gay.
And Jordana is a slut.
Jordana is a slut. No.
Don’t be a dick, Mark. Just let him go.
She’s taking the piss, mate.
He’s white.
There is no affair, Oliver. He’s just some bloke I stole your mother from.
You’re a loud whisperer, Ol
I just spit lines as they come to me, mate. 94
You think everyone sucks. She went up against you, that’s a badass chick right there.
Fos-Foster gets right into Jas’s face.
I’m stale? Your shit is mid-90s at best. Jas’s narrow. She does a BACK FLIP, SPINS, ANIMATES HER BODY, then FLIPS HER HAIR like it was nothing. But it was damn good. A reminder to all of them.
Stalk the shit out of people?
Obviously she has a vagina!
I’m taking a guess she isn’t a piece of shit.
Ugggghhhh. Fine. Everyone cheers, embraces her. She squirms away. As they’re celebrating, we PULL BACK. By the tennis courts we see Foster, Trinity, and Geoff hiding, spying on the TBDs. Shit.
Foster is talking to you losers!
Fuck yeah, we forgive you!
Did you come here to gloat? Foster hesitates. Then reluctantly sputters out-FOSTER You weren’t total fuck-ups. A moment between Foster and Jas. An understanding.
She left with a guy from Building 21. They have some easy job in a flower shop or something. And she sends a lot of money to her family. Her dumbass brother bought a truck in Ecatepec. And his wife dyed her hair blonde. They look at each other, remembering their favorite ad for Mexican hair dye Manzanilla Grisi.
They went to New York, Chulito. Damn. New York.
Fucking amazing.
So? - Where am I taking you to get shit-faced? Iván plucks a button down from the makeshift cloths line in his room.
And for that butt maybe a trip to Brazil too.
Good evening bitches and boys. Please give a big welcome to the grand diva of Puebla...Cucusa Minelly! Cucusa makes her way onto the stage. INT. JALEOS - STAGE Cucusa performs her big drag number, “El Me Mintió” by Amanda Miguel. The people are rapt. Gerardo takes his beer and wades into the crowd, where several men greet him happily.
Pick grapes or whatever the fuck they pick in California? Avocados? Iván... We’re gay. We don’t pick avocados. Iván laughs softly at this.
She'll fall behind, man.
Watch out! Fucking run! Everybody runs like crazy. Iván grabs Sandra’s hand but in the chaos, he lets go. EXT./INT. A TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS They all race into a tunnel. Lights from the loud helicopter start to scan the area. Sandra comes last, shrieking with fear. She barely makes it and falls into Iván’s arms. Sandra passes out cold.
For Chrissakes. The fuckin’ delivery guy. Go on, get him a fuckin’ apron. Let’s go. Let’s go. Go. The dish washer behind him grabs Iván an apron and gives him an encouraging pat on the shoulder. INT. LA TERNANA, CLOSET - CONTINUOUS Iván suits up quickly, an excited smile begins to emerge on his face.Excuse me, fellas. How about we do tallest in the back? Mike is desperate to see. between legs and sees:
Fear Tech dummies.
Oh hey ‘dere! Wanna join Oozma Kappa?!
Now all you need to do is find enough members to compete. Mike turns to the misfits.
You’re about the scariest feller I’ve ever seen - even with them pink polka dots.
And here’s what you’ve been waitin’ for, fellas, your very own Oozma Kappa bedroom. It’s a very small room with bunk beds.
Fellas?
Would you...just...let me get Ow...hey, come on..oof! my stuff! Ahhh, ow! They fall out of their bedroom door. Flash! They find all the misfits gathered there in the hallway, smiling at them.
The misfits are even more terrified now. Get set.
Mike is hit by an urchin and falls. it swells up! AH!
Terri and Terry duck to avoid an urchin.
Aaaah! Terry’s face swells up and he screams! Now not looking where they’re going, they step onto another urchin. Ahhhh!
Ow! They have entered part of the course where urchins hang all around on strings at different heights. He maneuvers to avoid them.
Oh way to blow it, Oozmas!
Sullivan! Mike shushes the misfits.
Mike watches the misfits. they’ve done.
Oozmas, yeah! Mike looks to Sulley, who is also shocked. misfits with a smile on his face.
Now I gotta admit fellas, I thought you were a bunch of nobodies, but boy was I wrong. Let’s hear it for Oozma Kappa!
Hey, look at that old fella rackin’ up the big numbers!
Don, that “old fella” is Earl “The Terror” Thompson! What!
You son of gun!
But you’re just like Hardscrabble. You’re just like everyone else.
Let’s go you two. The misfits emerge from the crowd.
Harsh, man.
Well, if it isn’t my two favorite fellas!
Thanks fellas! He stops at the line and looks out at the floor. walks past him to work.Bullshit. No way.
Look I’m not trying to bust your balls. I’m just trying to understand, you know, the chances of us riding in the exact same circuit...
You know, it’s the claiming races, and the asshole owners, and the last barn on the backside. And it’s okay, you know. It’s enough. You make it enough. But then she shows up and she is... Ruth just smiles thinking about her. Thinking about all of it.
But as soon as you get on that bull you’re fired.
You know, you get older and you start to realize, that you and your body, they just ain’t the same thing. You know what I mean? They’re both quiet now.
No shit, Jackson. She takes his hand.
Keep that, you don’t owe me shit. Just come on in here and have some shots with us man.
What you doin' in here, lil’ man? Little says nothing, just watches him.
You don't talk much but you damn sure can eat. Teresa smiling.
You a real damn prize, Chiron, you know that? Little just looking at his feet, staring at the floor.
You got’sta come home when you meant to come home, you hear? Nothing from the boy. Paula gets down to a knee, takes both his shoulders in her hands: You hear?
Hey Little! From a ways off that came, Little looking back, into the sun. Can't quite make him out at first but squinting to see him better, a bit of familiarity: it's the kid who just saved his ass.
Always and forever a hothead this one.
Let me tell you somethin': it's black people everywhere, you remember that, okay? Ain't no place in the world ain't what got no black people, we was the first ones on this planet. Little embarrassed, poking at the sand before him. Juan places a hand to his shoulder:
This one time... I ran by this old, old lady, was just a runnin' and a hollerin' and cuttin' a fool, boy. And this old lady, she stop me and she say to me, 'Look at you.
I was a lil’ bad ass too, you know.' She say, ‘Look at you’ and I say ‘Look at you!’ Then she smiled and she say, ‘running around catching up all this light. In moonlight’ she say, ‘black boys look blue. You blue,’ she say. ‘That’s what I’m gone call you: Blue.’ Off Little. 21
No. You're not a faggot.
Eh, but that shit stay between us, yeah? I know you can keep a secret. A slow nod from Chiron.
I’m just messin’ with you boy.
Mama what you into?
Uh huh, I know that bitch like a hooker know her trick. You my child, okay? And tell that bitch she better not forget it. Chiron just stares at Paula, unfolding those bills there, crisping and lining them, force of habit.
I told you, man, home.
Whatever, man.
Oh shit, you come out here to smoke too, Chiron?
That breeze feel good as hell man.
Nah. But it make me want to. Kevin flashing that big, cool ass smile.
Whatever man.
Lunch used to be the shit, though.
Hit that nigga!
All them damn kids standing around, all of y’all out there and don’t nobody got the heart to say who did it? That getting Chiron’s attention, head snapping to meet Williams’ gaze:
Damn Mama, yeah.
About all that shit what went down, man. Black looking about himself, about the room, eyes wandering and drifting, had pushed so much of this away.
Real shit, dog, I am. A sound from Black into the phone, not so much a word as a gesture, guttural, ambiguous, not affirming but a reprieve, an allowance for the space to continue. Finally, mercifully:
Yeah man, got sent up for some stupid shit, same stupid shit we always get sent up for. Put me on the kitchen line and I kinda took to it.
I cook better than that shit.
If you ever come down here, man, you holla at me.
Damn man why you ain’t say nothin’?! Kevin taking Black’s right hand in his, pulls him in close and throws his left arm around his back: warm, tight, masculine.
What the hell you doin’ here, I mean.... Kevin trailing off there as Black nods agreement, gets the oddity of his own actions.
There go that damn noddin’, you ain’t changed a bit, still can’t say more than three words at a time, huh? A smile from Black. This guy gets him.
When I got locked up, man. It was hard. Real hard. Had me in state, not that county shit. That’s when I knew I had to find somethin’. That’s when I started the cookin’ thing, knew I couldn’t go back to the street, not after that.
When they sent me up to Atlanta, put me straight into Juvie for beatin’ old boy. Met this cat in there, when I come out, put me on the block. Did good at it. Rose up. Black shrugging his shoulders, no explanation, no excuses.
Can’t picture bein’ in Miami with no car, man.
I used to be up in them traps, too. Wasn’t easy; was hard as hell, harder than this, man, but not much. Feel like I work damn near as hard to make a day’s pay trappin’ in two weeks cookin’. Black just nodding, his blinker flicked, the business of driving.
I’m me, man, ain’t tryna be nothin’ else.
Me? I just kept on, man. I wasn’t never worth shit, never did anything I actually wanted to do, was all I could do to do what other folks thought I should do, I wasn’t never myself. And now?
I need your help, man.  Desperate. They got me, man.  The shackles of fascism.
Hacksaw.  Load up the copper-top and let's get the hell outta here.
You're going to feel a little prick.
Oh, shit --
Goddamn, what I wouldn't give for a copy of that software.
Hell yes!
Whoa!  Shit, Neo, you scared the bejeezus out of ne.
I'll tell you, I feel for you, man.  I really do.  Most of us were still young, just punks, when Morpheus jacked us.  But you, you had a real life.
Neo, you better get your ass back here!
Goddamnit, Neo!  Don't give it up! Not now!What the fuck do we do? Josh doesn’t know. Bang, a door opens and a woman comes in with a boppy strapped around her waist. This is Marina, 30’s.
Hey, my wife and I are going to the same goddamn place! 6
What the shit? Watch it! He realizes very quickly that he over-reacted, tries to be a good sport and tosses the ball back with a forced laugh. Ha!
I have to go to the gents.
Tupac’s “Hit Em Up” blasts on and the women start doing 90’s music video dance moves. Cornelia tries to keep up, but looks less like a fly girl than a farmer doing a hoe-down. Tupac continues over:
It sounds great. Just bad timing. Josh and Cornelia are both laughing now and doing some combination of hip-hop/hoe-down.
It’s goddamn corny, Joshy.
And maybe you have a titseeka ceremony or something.
Ayawasca! It was therapeutic. I learned some shit. I think Cornelia did too.
You guys were wacked out on Peruvian mescallen, of course you’re going to learn some shit. I went under during a colonoscopy last week and I learned some shit.
Tipper and I started a band called Cookie O’Puss. Have you seen that on YouTube?
It’s fucking hilarious.
“My name is Cookie O’Puss!”
“My name is Cookie O’Puss.”
“My name is Cookie O’Puss.”
I don’t know from Cookie Puss.
Remember, ask him questions. You’re interviewing him. He’d be goddamn lucky to invest in your film. Okay.
I’m fucking with you, Joshy. thing is going to be totally brilliant.
You know, before you have a kid, everyone tells you, “It’s the best thing you’ll ever do.” As soon as you bring that baby back from the hospital, the same people say, “Don’t worry, it gets better.” It’s like, what the fuck was that all about before?
Louis, don’t be a prick! Sorry.
Are they? Who knows, maybe they’re Darby’s. Darby’s, yours, mine. Cookie O’Puss.
She blows it.
I'm going veggie. Get me the "Puk Ob."
He was a Pisces.
You're a Pisces.
Busting his ass. He's out doing your job.
A domani. Take care, girls.
Don't mess with him.
Ann, you got some mouth on you.
crosses the room,
I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch oh, the bitch is back, stone cold sober as a matter of fact, I can bitch, I can bitch cause I’m better than you, It’s the way that I move, the things that I do oh. A shocked Elton tries to grab Reggie as he dumps his bike and runs out the door. A singing Elton chases after him, the therapy group and counselor follow behind. 3
Eat meat on a Friday, that’s all right. Even like steak on a Saturday night. I can bitch the best at your social do’s. I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue, oh, oh oh. It becomes a dance number that Reggie conducts with the rehab group and the people in the street. Reggie turns into the driveway of a drab house, turns back to the rehab group looking over the fence.
He was always hugging me! It was fucking embarrassing. My dad was passionate about family and music. We’d talk for hours about jazz. I was lucky. I was actually a very happy child.
Don’t know. I haven’t decided yet but wherever it is I’m going to have fun. Something you old RAF types don’t do.
It’s catchy, Dick. These guys are special. I’ve got an instinct for these things.
They’re writing a lot of good tunes, Dick.
Are you taking the piss? Elton plays ‘Sad Songs’.
What are you talking about!? There’s so much we’ve got to do. Worlds to conquer. They’re great fucking songs! People keep asking who’s singing the demos. You have got an amazing voice, Reg. It’s what I hear when I write. Something special happens when you sing our songs. Bernie sits next to Elton.
You’ll look like a tit.
Bloody hell, Elton what are you wearing? Elton turns round and in the mirror his name is written in sequins on the back of the red jumpsuit.
Hey man! It’s Elton-fuckin-John. Far out.
Put ‘To Arthur’ - he’s a bloke I work with. He’s quite a big fan.
Would you rather some sleazy reporter talk to her and have her blab the wrong thing? The next day you’ll be reading a headline saying ‘Elton John - Queer.’ Is that what you want? She needs to be clear on what to say. I’ve arranged for her to come over Sunday, talk to her then.
Hey Joe, find me another nice girl tonight. That one last night man, I tell ya! Best damned head I’d ever had. All the mafia boys laugh and agree with Elvis. Ivy steps forward.
Jesus Bernie, for a straight man you can be really gay sometimes.
Not really. I’m gay. 151
Whenever I’ve needed you most you weren’t there. I worked my balls off to get us out of the shit.
Mum. Shut up!!
I’m proud of you man. There’s a little bit of you in every song you write. Not bad for a fat kid from Pinner. Richard is there too.
You guys are being real assholes
To a divine lunch Marquis The two toast. PRINCE Well, are we riding, or do you have something slightly more vigorous for this afternoon's entertainment. MARQUIS DE SADE I don't know about you your majesty, but I do get so bored with whipping - whores.
My dream. On the way out. Real doozy. There I was at the Rose Bowl game. Naked and everyone was drunk but me. Spent two years looking for clothes. Long fucking Rose Bowl game. BOWER chuckles, his breathing growing more steady.
Don't you move MOTHER FUCKER! She quickly pats him down, stealing tools. All he can see is her bare feet, blackened from oil. He frowns to see her toe- nails painted with bright pink polish. NADIA, a torn jump suit, snarled hair hiding her face, skin smeared with oil. A beautiful woman underneath an apocalyptic smear of grunge. Her hair is pure white, high- lighted with smears of oil.
They sure-as-shit weren't a welcoming party from the Promenade deck! These guys were... looking to do some damage.
Listen... nobody needs to get hurt here. Both of you just... cool out. And stop throwing that shit. Her eyes dart with uneasiness as she finds her knife.
Quiet! You wanna get us killed!?
I was trying to save our asses-
No, no, no. Back in der' big boy!
Who the hell are you gonna call-?
Shut-up!These hills are full of Apaches! They've burned every ranch in sight.
He's a Cheyenne. They hate Apaches worse than we do.
Now, Dallas, I got my orders. Don't blame these ladies. It ain't them.
You shut up, Doc. You're drunk.
My friend is a whiskey drummer. We're all going to be scalped, Gatewood. Massacred in one fell swoop.
Be careful of ol' Bessie up there, now... Take it easy, hold it -- steady there, girl. Take a look, see if there ain't a stone in the hoof of that hoss down there.
Now don't lose your temper, don't lose your temper.
Isn't that drunken swine sober yet?
You drive them hosses! I'll take care of the Kid.
Thick-headed lout! We've got to make that ferry!
That's Jones. With the skinny white woman.
Now, how is that possible? Who can afford to sell shit twice as good for half as much? Richie glances to a Table of Organization: Surveillance photos haphazardly thumb-tacked to a bulletin board - known dope men in the hierarchies of their individual crime families - almost all of them Italian.
No, you're thinking of Benny the Bishop. Benny Two-Socks is Tosca's deadbeat son- in-law.
No, he's bigger than that. His seats were phenomenal; better than Al Tosca's. Joe Louis and Ali shook his fuckin hand.
Man walks around in a fifty thousand dollar chinchilla coat and he never even bought me a cup of coffee? Something wrong there.
You don't go over there any more.
You want to know who it was? I can tell you. It was a junkie. Or a rival. Or some dumb ass kid trying to make a name for himself. Or someone you forgot to pay off. Or slighted without realizing it. Or someone you put out of business by being too successful.
Let me ask you something. You think by putting me in jail, you're going to stop even one junkie from dying? Because you won't. If it isn't me, it'll be someone else. With me or without me, nothing's going to change.
Turkey’s still playing that disco shit.
Sounds like a Class-A schmuck.
They’re Cossacks.
Oh, shit--this game is so fly... Paul DARKENS.
Ain’t nothing’s gonna happen to you, man! You’re like, rich and your mother is president of the school. Turkey ain’t gonna touch you.
He don’t mean shit to me... Then JOHNNY LOSES; he turns, taking a “puff,” and NOTICES: THE SONG ON THE RADIO: “RAPPER’S DELIGHT,” by THE SUGAR HILL GANG. Then, a radio announcement:
We’d have to schmear them but good.
Join up with the Air Force eventually, like I said... But for now--just, make some cash! Buy shit, get like, a penthouse for me and my grandma!
You know what he’s telling you? New Yorkers? No.
And when he came to America, he thought he was meeting people from India. So he called them Indians-that’s why they’re Indians.
Y’know--I been thinking about it for awhile... See, my step-bro, he’s in Florida. Right? I make my way down there, do shit until I could sign up with the Air Force and NASA. But they’re building this thing in Orlando, called “Epcot.” Here, lookit--
What’re you talking about? ain’t taking it?
Blub blub blub, you got no words all of a sudden.
Holy shit, listen! The Sugar Hill Gang--your favorite! So? You coming, ya bastard?It's so simple, too. A couple of fellows meet accidentally, like you and me. No connection between them at all. Never saw each other before. Each of them has somebody he'd like to get rid of, but he can't murder the person he wants to get rid of. He'll get caught. So they swap murders.
She was a tramp.
A friend of the Darvilles.I'm kidding. KIDDING. I suppose if I told you that ~ack Stanton is in Harlem because he's really interested in Adult Literacy-you'd tell me I was full of shit. HENRY
They just kept a passin' me upthird grade, fourth grade. r sit in the back and stick to my own $&lf, and it was like no one noticed. I go en all. the ways through. I graduate elementary school. They send me to Ben Franklin, general studies. They coulda sent me to the Bronz Zoo. No one ever tall me nothin'. No one ever say, "Dewayne, you can't read--what you gonna do with your sorry ass?• Scuse me.
First impressions count, asshole. This is New Hampshire! These people don't knew you. They probably don't even remember your state. They're waiting to be swept off their feet by Because it ia big.
Hotchkiss, right? I read up on you. You're a tight-assed, preppy elitist from Hotchkiss.
Now, listen, my man, I know how much I lay on you, I know bow hard you work. I'm honored by it. Honored. You hear? But I want rou to get your ass out of that of£ice today. Don't even take my calls. Crack open a bottle of chablis, y'hear? Rest. And listen, this is very important: Do you think it's at all possible for you to get yourself laid tonight? Sir?
Maybe Lawrence Harris. He's noble and he can't win. It makes Stanton want to kiss his ass.
Oh what a lunkhead. He's actually going to answer him.
Don't give us the taking-a-shitin-the-woods metaphor again. Tell us what you're talking about. RICHARD
Hello, shit for brains. You learned
Oh, yas, i.ndeedy.
Momma, I was thirty years older, I'd be lickin' your ear!
Great goddam move! HENRY
I am absolutely heartbroken about that. I had so wished that Freddy would get to be president. But, I must say, if the mother-fucker bas to go down, it would be just too fucking perfect i£ he went down . over Tidewater. Yes, I had this business. And yes, I hoped that having the governor as a brotherin-law wouldn't be a •.• liability. But it was. Money was falling from the clouds in those days. But Senor Recto--Mr. Righteous, Governor Picker--wouldn't cut me any slack.
Oh. Are you from the campaign? I've been expecting you. You can tell Freddy he has nothing to fear from me. Nothing. You understand? This happened after him. I fucked my brains out in jail, not much else to do there and there were so many boys who spent a.ll day in the ~ , working on their bodies. I like this porch but I can't do it all the time. Depends on the weather. It's strange-my body temperature is always o~f, one way or another. Too hot or too cold. It never feels just right. Sometimes the tiniest breeze can set me off, shivering- and I can't do anything about it, can't turn it off, just have to ride with it.
Whatever.
sucks’ or’ fucked up.’ Director Bong is employing one of the most often-used colloquial, blue-collar, foul Korean expressions. 구반장 ... 그딴걸 뭣하러 다 모아놨는겨 ?
You knave where are you going again!
The fuck not? SOOZE'S MOM
He paid you man.
Come on man.
The dude wants it.
You know what? He probably gets bored with all that shit.
Well, shit, man, you've only been gone for a year, man, Is that your limo?
Yeah, shit. Naw, man, you know. It's hard work, you know?
No, man, I mean it. You're a good writer. I remember those things you'd write during honors English. Funny shit.
Funny shit, man.
You showed up. Oh, my god! Holy shit! Look at this car, man!
Look, man, it... Shit. Why don't we get something to eat? I mean food?
"It's not a job, it's an adventure." Right? I hated it. I had to get out. So I was working in the kitchen, chopping lettuce, you know, real heroic stuff, and I, uh, I had this big fucking knife and I chopped off the tip of my little finger and three days later I was a free man.
You cut off your little finger?
I gotta take a piss. Do you mind if we pull over really quickly?
Anything is possible. It is night on planet earth and I'm alive. And someday I'll be dead. Someday I'll just be bones in a box, but right now, I', not. And anything is possible. And that's why I can go to New York with Sooze because each moment can just be what it is. There's no failure, there's no mistake. I just, I just go there and live there and what happens, happens. And so, right now I'm getting naked and I'm not afraid. You know? I don't, I don't need money, man. I don't, I don't even need, I don't even need a future. I, I could knock out all of my teeth with a hammer. So what?! You know, I could poke my eyes out. I'd still be alive, you know? At least I'd know that I was doing something real for two or three seconds, you know? It's all about feat and I'm not afraid anymore, man. Fuck it! Fuck fear! Jeff is standing in the middle of the parking lot, completely nude. Tim appears from on top of the roof.
Gee, Jeff, I thought you were gonna go take a piss, not join some
Whatever.
You know, man, it's none of your business what I do, okay?
Shit, Jeff! BUFF
Hey! Whoa, you look like shit. You been home yet?
What she doin' in the van, man?
God, Tim lied to your ass, man. That guy's sad, man. Well, uh, I gotta go, but, uh, listen, if I don't come back, I'll send a video of me surfing. Alright, man? Get some rest. Go with the flow. JEFF
Look, look, just get off my property.
Look, get down off my property.
Get off my property!
Oh, shit. Jeff. Jeff, come up here!
You know, they told me you people were conceited douchebags. But that isn't true at all.
Oh, shit, I'm using my wrong eye
Oh it won't be my turd, it will be Drax's.
That's how eyes work, you stupid raccoon.
He wasn't my father. Yondu was the guy who abducted me. He'd beat the crap out of me so I'd learn how to fight and he kept me in terror threatening to eat me.
What the hell, dude? That's a total overreaction.
Eh, not so bad. We got a pretty good gig. A golden gal with quite a high opinion of herself offered us a large sum to deliver you and your pals to her, so she can kill y'all.
Did you make a penis?
Yes, Drax, I've got a penis.
No offense, but your employees are a bunch of jerks.
Yeah. It's a day for dumbass names.
Lil' feller's all worked up! Needs a drank!
HE'S GOT IT! YONDU'S GOT THE DAMN FIN!
Rocket? Rocket, you there?   Dammit.
I saw your girl stomp off earlier in quite a huff.
Well, get ready for an eight hundred foot statue of Pac Man, then. With Skeletor. And Heather Locklear. I'm gonna make some weird shit.
I can't wait to see your weird shit.
We need to find Peter now and get off this damn planet.
Hey there, Jackass.
I saved you, you stupid fox.
I'm not a raboon either!
So why'd Ego want you here?
Aw, hell.
You need to, girl. If you don't keep Ego at bay, we all die.
The metal is too thick! For the bomb to work we'd actually need to place it on Ego's core. And our fat butts ain't gonna fit through those tiny holes.
Ahhh! My nipples!
Yep, these shotgun cases are a real pain in the ass. What we call a wide field of contamination.
Trust me, you do not want some lady suing you cuz she found this guy's tooth in her brand new fanny pack.
We were working a scene today where this guy offs himself in a sporting goods store. So they had this cleaning crew out there, right? You would not believe how much money they charge for that shit. It's ridiculous.
It was just Mr. Kim being a dick head.
The kid's a little strange. What? That's against the law now? It's not like he's out killing kittens or any damn thing. I swear everyone's so damn uptight these days.
Some sorta domestic disturbance kind of a deal. It was the lady who got the last word I guess. Course she's in jail now, so... Heard one bullet completely shot off his ring finger. How long you gals been doin' this kind a work?
See. You're too smart! And those teachers just don't know how to handle you. You're probably a goddamn genius.
You just figure all this shit out as you go. Experience.
Just roll their eyes and call you a pussy.
It just means your mom wasn't married when she had you. It's no big deal. In a couple of years you're gonna find it's a free pass to cool. You'll probably start a band called Bastard Son. Use it to impress the chicks. Trust me, the whole bastard thing... it's working for you.
The guy said that if you're careful they'll last a whole month. And these aren't stupid kiddie unicorns and shit. They're all based on classic biker designs.
Oscar turned eight today. We had this whole big thing at Hinkle's. Winston came. After dinner Oscar and Norah got a high score on Centipede and put in ASS as their initials and got in trouble by the manager.belts him on his buttocks. Piyush starts screaming in pain. Naam?
Now you talkin'!
When it's served. Now sit your wrinkly butt back down, Mr. Lee.
Out damnable affliction!
I hear you not so old as you looking. You just foolin' everybody. What happen, you get Madjembe?
You got your sea legs old man?
That's good enough for me! Get your ass on board, we'll sure as hell find out!
Well, then, hell man, you comin' with me!!
What are you, Dick Tracy or something? I've got to rest...
You a real Johnny on the Spot, Benjamin. I'll take any able bodied mens who wants kick shit out of the Japs and the Huns.
You're the worst pickpocket I have ever seen.
The boxtroll exterminators? They live down on Curd's Way.
Quickly, quietly, get the leeches.
I've worked my hump off for this town!
LEECHES!
Leeches.
You don't talk like them!
You got out of your boxes! You did it!
Come back, you loony!
Hold it right there. You're not leaving this island. Our daughter's been abducted by one these beige lunatics.
Well, I'll be damned. Who is this bimbo?
You his girl?
You, you, you, you --
Si Easton - I'm not gonna let that bastard see me off.
Stop it - he's your landlord - you can't be picking fights with him.
Good.  Now if you'll excuse me, I'll go start covering your ass.
You ever try digging through six feet of half frozen sod?  We'd need a back hoe.  Can you operate a back hoe?  Do you know where we'd get a back hoe?  We don't even know for sure...
Really?  Why?  You and your life partner in the shitter having trouble picking a China pattern?
It looks like you beat the hell out of one of our policy holders.  Now send Cam in here.
Does a duck shit under water?
Shit on toast.
Knock yourself out.I wanna tell you something about this little runt. He went out there and sold the shit out of Revlon and that's why we got the account. It was his idea, it was his concept, right down the line...
Listen, Joanna Kramer's got a goddamn good life. She's got a husband that loves her. She's got a terrific kid. She's got a wonderful home 
Phew... This place is a real pig sty.
I'll tell you exactly why. Because you're not his buddy anymore. Because he can't count on you to sit around the office every night until eight or nine and shoot the shit with him.
You dope. O'Connor doesn't give a damn about Billy. All he wants is somebody that'll hang around with him every night so he won't have to go home.
Mr. Kramer, do me a favor. There is something I find very helpful in matters like this. I sit down and make a list of all the pros and cons on an issue. I actually write them down and look at them. I want you to do that, okay? Then, after that, if you're really sure you want to retain custody of your child  then we'll go in there and whip their asses.
Look, this isn't exactly an easy thing for me to do, y'know? I swear Murray and I did everything we could, but those sons of bitches were out for blood. I mean it was all I could do to keep the account inside the shop... Look, I promise, if I hear of anything I'll let you know first thing.
Dut
Yeah, I guess it is. My mother is a complete Anglophile, anything British makes her drool like a baby. She probably heard the name in some movie. She's a prisoner of public television now.
It's hard to explain. It's like... John treats everybody the same, you know? I mean, he acts just as excited about seeing somebody he hardly knows as he does when he sees me. And so I feel like, what's different about me, if I'm treated exactly the same as some acquaintance? If I don't like somebody, I don't act like I do. I guess that's why a lot of people think I'm a bitch.
The extrovert.
Then get those balls in the air and get your butt over here.
John doesn't have sex with Ann anymore.
You never used to say "fucking".
So is my wife, asshole!!
Stay cool? You ain't Dirty Harry. Now stop it.
My ass.
Don't be playin' with no crazy jailbird. Those dudes are bad news.
You watch that smart-mouthing, young lady.
just as Sissy's legs fly out through the window.
I'm not so sure. My father and I haven't spoken in three years. When my brother called to say my father was having a heart attack, that he'd locked himself in the bathroom, all the way going over I was thinking how I was gonna tell him what a bastard he was. Then when I got up the stairs and we moved him onto the bed, I thought of all these other things I wanted to say.
Man just walked up and shot 'em. Not a word. Man, that was cold.
My Lord mother man, you look like hell. What were you drinking?
No way, man.
She's no whore, Marcus.
She wasn't looking at you, man, she was looking at me.
That shit is poison, Frank. We don't drink alcohol here. What you need is one of these.
You're in the stomach, man.
So is it a piece of shit?
Mrs. Castleman, would you like a cookie? Joan would dearly love to strangle the bitch. is faultlessly polite.
Good Christ, there's a library -come look. Jesus, they’ve even stocked the shelves with my books. Look at this -- they even have “The Walnut” in fucking Arabic. Joanie, did you know about this edition?
Both of you stop.
I have to, Joanie. Everyone thanks their wife. If I don't, I'll look like a narcissistic bastard.
The men who write the reviews, who run the publishing houses, who edit the magazines, the ones who decide who gets to be taken seriously, who gets to be put up on the pedestal for the rest of their lives. Who gets to be King Shit.
Aw Joanie, it doesn’t any get better than this. Say what you will about the crap we put each other through -- we still have a wonderful fucking life. 41
Okay...Jesus.
It's not a piece of shit, Joe. It's a really compelling story. The ideas are all there. I know how to fix it. I can see it.
Then talk to us, for Chrissakes!
You wanted this! You loved holing up in the Village with the big, bad Jew. You loved making your parents squirm. You love that you got the literary life and still get the house by the sea and the nice clothes and the travelling and all the privileges without having to marry some schmuck at a brokerage firm. You got it all, my girl.
Oh God Joe. Again. you.
You know., Doctor, I think I'm the:::-e. Loomis looks at him.
Men. Can't live with 'em -can't live without 'em.
Loomis gets.into the car.
I’m fine, ma! At the top of the stairs, PATRICK MCGUIRE comes into view. Though also 14, he’s a brick shithouse, a man by any physical standard. There’s an AIR CAST on his left foot. He hops down one step at a time.
Shit. I gotta go shift the wash.
Hey, I’m not the one who started telling fun little, funny little stories. He’s just mad because he doesn’t want to be here, so he’s being a shit.
Of course I’m serious. Look, you can’t live with your parents, I certainly can’t live with Shit-Ass Frank any more. If we do this we can make our own rules, make our own choices! Live and die by our wits, like men! What do we need? A few 2x10s and a foundation?
Come on man. Break ground with me. You’re my best friend. Biaggio looks at Joe, crestfallen.
man...okay, we break ground tomorrow at 5AM. Good shit!
Rich, or just brilliant. crafty as hell.
What happened in your house the other night anyway, man?
Well it’s just a waiting game now, my friend. EXT. WOODS - DAY Patrick shakes the shit out of an APPLE TREE. Granny smiths rain down. He bends to pick one up, and something catches his eye... He grabs a twig and pokes at the ground, finally lifting a very long, very appalling
No shit. JOE
The Ham! We takin’ a ride in the HAMbulance, to HAMsterdam! Uh!
Dick’d ya!
Shit man -- she came up to me last week asking if I had heard anything about you guys. It honestly looked like she was crying.
You look like that kid Mike Mancuso.
What do you do, Biaggio?
Biaggio’s a renaissance man. He belongs out here. And such quick hands. He can snatch trout right out of the creek. Bullshit.
I doubt it. Aaron’s bizarre. I feel like he has no asshole or something. Like a Conehead.
Joe...I’m gay. Joe is taken aback.
You just gave him the corner, dickhead. What’s the matter with you? Patrick puts the hotel on orange...then pauses. He looks at his own piece. He’s in jail. A roll away from the oranges. Patrick looks at Joe.
Biaggio Verga. McGuire says he was with them the whole time.
Bullshit, Joe! Start explaining. From the beginning.
BIAGGIO
Other things. Ass things.
Ass things...
I don’t want to shit the car.
Yeah -- you’re fourteen man.
Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the shop teacher use'ta call you Little Dick Wick. Hey, wasn't there a song we made up to go with that?
Dude, talk about baggage, that ain't no carry-on shit, that's some heavy duty Samsonite shit.
Really fucking awesome.
Hell yeah.
Come on, babe. Me and Bill found a kick ass place.
You see me and my friends are writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. You know all the crazy shit you see when you drive cross country.
Y'all find us country people real funny like don't ya... well, God damn pack up the mule and sling me some grits, I'ze a gotta get me some schooling.
I know, that was some crazy shit. I never in a million years would have believed it if I hadn't seen it.
Anytime this year, people. Alright line your asses up in front of the black door. The tour is about to begin.
To your right. One of our most popular crazies, the psycho of Plainfield, Ed Gein.
Oh yeah, yeah I've driven by that place before. I seem to remember a crabby old bastard in a crummy clown suit running the place.
If I see that thing again... I'm a gonna kill that skunk ape.
Dude, your chick's a little high strung.
No, none. I had one once, back in '57 maybe... I don't know. Really ain't nobody we wanna be jaw flapping at around here no more.
I'll bet you are... you are a naughty little thing aren't ya.
Christ kid, put it on. She ain't letting any of us touch the grub 'til you're wearing the damn thing.
Well, I'm not much for local gossip an this and that, but I've heard it mentioned in passing over the years but... I mean folks is queer and they say things, crazy things you know what I mean?
What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily Asshole?
Yeah, yeah, sure. You don't have to get all True Grit all over my ass... I'll give'm to ya... you can knock yourself silly for all I care.
...huh, what the hell are you talking about?
Hey happy-boy, step your ass up here.
Iplglgnstheflgvthntdstscvmrcndthrpblcfw chtstndsnntnndrgdndvsblewithlbrtyndjstc rll.
This guy's in for the long haul, Lieutenant. He locked down the ER, barricaded himself inside, killed the power on the elevators. We could bust down the door, but the sonofabitch might start killing everybody.
Damn.
Whatever works. Let me paint a picture for you. And I hope it's clear. What we've got is a lose/lose. If this guy starts whacking out the hostages, it's bad, right? But if we give in to this asshole, it's also bad.
Hey, I don't like it any better than you do, but I'm under a lot of pressure here. Everyone is wetting their pants on this one. Believe me, my ass is swinging in the breeze.
How are you feeling, slugger?
But that means you'll die, man.
What happened to Mike is bad, man. It's the worst. It ain't fair, but you can't kill yourself. Sometimes you've just got to let go and let God take care of it. You've got to accept it.
My 'Stang's back.
He's just a big bum with a big mouth.
You don't know what ya talkin'
Kobe Bryant, I'll give props to Will Smith. I'll even give it up to my idol growing up, Apollo Creed. But Baby Creed? He can eat a dick. In fact, he can swallow my Johnson. That's his name. Johnson?
You and your bitch crew, c'mon, bring it. But then TONE starts rapping about this:
... Deaf bitch from around the way... ADONIS heads for the STAGE! FLASHES go off. ANTHONY and SECURITY pull him back.
Wake up! Ya got good company - This is "Cuff" and his friend speedin' around in there is "Link". I've had these bums for over 40 years.
'Nippy' out here.
This dog'll kick your ass!
Ya shit, boy - You're shit Nothing! DRAGO gets into the brawl, dropping two fighters with a HOOK and RIGHT HAND. Everyone backs away from the lethal Russian.
I paid that promoter. I wanted this to happen... I'm not my father, I'm using what I have while I have it. I want to get their real respect, people not be the victims anymore. Not get beat up anymore 'cause of their skin, killed anymore, no power to change things because they look different, think different. That shit can't fly anymore - A champion's gotta be more than just another black man hitting things, so I'm taking
That bum won't know what hit him.
Man, you gotta step it up! Move, goddamnit, don't come at him! BIANCA is pacing in the aisle. She looks at ROCKY.
Don't let a bunch of half-assed American sports headlines bother you.
Don't insult me, man. He's my brother.
I got the leftovers, but hey, it is what it is - It's okay, once ya accept you're not so special, but goddamn, you - You got responsibilities to people like me to show what a special man "can" do when everything says ya "can't"! You got a damn important responsibility to show what is possible when smart money say impossible!! People like me quit, that's not so unusual, 'cause I don't have the same gifts like you but not people like you, 'cause if the warriors quit... We don't walk away 'cause shit get ugly, we don't walk away 'cause life kicks our ass on a daily basis, but we keep tryin' even if it's hard and frustrating and unrewarding and nobody's even gonna be cheerin' our name, we still have that pride that gets our ass out of bed in the morning to try all over again. You got "gifts" like I said, "skills" and not to use them makes me mad Mad.
... He's as tough as ya old man!
Got a lot of holes in the desert, and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. Except you gotta do it right. I mean, you gotta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise you're talkin' about a half-hour or forty-five minutes of diggin'. And who knows who's gonna be comin' along in that time? Before you know it, you gotta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin' night.
Past the jag-off guard who gets an extra c-note a week just to watch the door.  I mean, it's routine. Business as usual: in, out, hello, goodbye. And that's all there is to it. Just another fat fuck walkin' out of the casino with a suitcase. Now, that suitcase was goin' straight to one place: right to Kansas City ...which was as close to Las Vegas as the Midwest bosses could go without gettin' themselves arrested.
Now, all they needed was somebody they could trust to run the casino. And who better than Ace?  I mean, he was already in Vegas a couple of years and he had the fuckin' place clocked.
I mean, without us, these guys, they'd still be shovellin' mule shit.
But I saw it another. I saw it as untouched. I mean, they had bookies, pimps and drug dealers I could shake down. Who the fuck were they gonna run to?  So, I started getting everybody in line. Best of all, for the first time in my life, I figured out a way not to lose.
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gonna do? Muscle Nicky?
Like these yokels here who never heard of Nicky or the bosses back home, 'cause they're the morons who give you the most trouble. Even after we'd catch 'em, they'd try sneakin' back with beards and wigs and fake noses.
It was so obvious. I mean, all of Nicky's half-assed mechanics, they were real signal happy.
This woman's an institution.
So, once they pulled that shit, I started doin' my own things in Vegas nobody ever thought of doin'. To keep an eye on things, I brought in my kid brother Dominick... and some desperadoes from back home and started knockin' over high rollers, casino bosses, bookmakers, anybody, right here in town. I had a good fuckin' crew goin' for me, I'll tell you that.
To be truthful with you, I had to admire this fuckin' guy.  He was one of the toughest Irishmen I ever met.
What are you talkin' a- ?
How could you say that?  You're a beautiful woman. You're destroying yourself. You don't need that stuff. You don't need that fuckin' leech livin' off you. I know you better than you know yourself. You're a tiger, you're stronger than I am. And when you set your mind on doing something, you do it better than anybody.
Aspett'. [Italian-American slang for 'Wait'] Wait a minute. You mean to tell me that the money we're robbing is bein' robbed? That somebody's robbing from us?  We go through all this fuckin' trouble, and somebody's robbin' us?
Even John Nance, that's the guy who ran the skim, he knew there wasn't much you could do about it. You gotta know that a guy who helps you steal, even if you take care of him real well, I mean, he's gonna steal a little bit extra for himself. Makes sense, don't it? Right? Well, you go try and make these hard-headed old greaseballs understand that.
The only trouble was, Piscano was a disaster. This guy could fuck up a cup of coffee.
Artie, what the hell have you been doin' out there, Artie?
You gotta go back there and talk to that guy.
And when some guys who didn't pay their Shylocks began disappearing, Nicky's name was in every one of those newspapers.
We got nobody in the room to watch. That's the law. You know, we can't even go into the count room to watch our money? Could you believe this cowboy bullshit?
And the damn...
What's he doin'? He knows all those guys he yelled at are friends of ours. What's the matter with him, making all this mess?
Yeah, I did want to go on TV. That way I have a forum. I can fight back. I'm known. People see me. They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown. That's right.
All right. I just bought us a few minutes. Want to get back at this prick?
He holds that key so tight, he's probably got it stuck up his ass.
Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me.
I agree. He's solid. A fuckin' Marine.
After Ginger took off, she wasn't much help to anybody. She found some pimps, low-lifes, druggies and bikers in LA. And in a few months, they went through all the money and all the jewels.
...dollars. I mean, it was still way too hot for me to even go near Vegas, so I set up a meeting with the guys way out in the sticks. I didn't want my brother to get fucked around.
I love this lifestyle. Freedom, beauty and connection with the earth. But there is a tradeoff -you gotta learn to take care of your own shit! Everyone laughs. Suanne takes out a stack of three buckets.
I used to like him. That was before he turned so goddamn boring. EXT. VANGUARD - NEXT MORNING Fern brushes her teeth, gargles and spits into a dry bush. She inspects Vanguard. It’s more rusty than she thought.
Not in a bad way. You know? It’s like... every AA meeting I’ve been to around this whole fucking country. People are all the same.
Bloody gruesome ,line of work you' re in, mate.
Pongo staring at her. CU. PERDY
ANITA
ANITA
ANITA
ANITA
Where•ve-you gone to, you little
ANITAFucking hell... The Chief Activist takes his camera off his shoulder and starts taking photos. The room is huge and long, and darkened except for specific pools of light. Partially illuminated are rows of cages with clear perspex doors. They run down either side of the room. In the cages are chimpanzees.
Keep your shit together. If we’re going to get them out of here... The Finnish Activist is checking the perspex cages.
Because I didn’t think you’d give a shit. A moment, where it’s unclear how Selena will react to this. Then she slips off her own backpack.
You’re Ayrton Senna’s bloody daughter.
Ahh, you cunt. Cunt. Then - as if through sixth sense, sensing a presence, all turn. Henry is standing in the doorway. A moment. Then Henry turns to Mitchell - who has picked himself up, and is clutching his side, breathing hard.
But we’re here, chained to a fucking radiator because the OC has gone insane. Starting the world again when the rest of the world hasn’t even fucking stopped. Think about it! How could infection cross the oceans? How could it cross the mountains and the rivers? They stopped it. And right now TVs are playing and planes are flying in the sky and the world is continuing as fucking normal. Think. Actually think about it. What would you do with a diseased little island?
Are you stoned?
It's on European socialism. I mean, really. What's the point? I'm not European. I don't plan to be European. So, who gives a shit if they're socialists? They could be fascist anarchists and it still wouldn't change the fact that I don't own a car.
Be careful when you deal with old hippies. They can be real touchy.
If anybody needs a day off, it's Cameron. He has alot of things to sort out before he graduates. He can't be wound this tight and go to college. His roommate'll kill him. I've come close myself. But I like him. He's a little easier to take when you know why he's like he is. The boy cannot relax. Pardon by French but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond.
Regardless of how much shit sisters make you eat, how often they rat on you, how gross they act or how wicked and insensitive they can be, you should not alientate them. Because most likely they have cash and it's usually very easy to get your hands on.
He's very popular, Ed. Sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, pinheads, dweebies, wonkers, richies, they all adore him.
Cameron, if you're not over here in fifteen minutes, you can find a new best friend. I'm serious, man. This is bullshit, making me wait around the house for you.
H--hell-o?
voice) Was that a class move or what? The guy gave it up faster than a drunk Catholic girl. I hope my kids don't pull this shit on me.
I'm scared shitless, Ferris! What is Rooney guesses my voice!
We can't pick up Sloane in your car, Cameron. Rooney'd never believe Mr. Peterson drives that piece of shit.
It's not a piece of shit.
Stay down, man.
I BEEN ALL 'ROUND THIS GREAT BIG WORLD AND I'VE SEEN ALL KINDS OF GIRLS YEAH, BUT I COULDN'T WAIT TO GET
Consider this...my father canned me and my brother and my Mom for a twenty five year old dipso with fake tits. He dropped us like a rock. Everything was cool at our house. I thought so. We all thought so. Then BLAM! It's over.
This is optomism. It's a common trait with my age group. Adults think it's cute, it's like a charming quick that infests youth. But it's a cool thing and I think, deep down, crusty old shits wish they had some. They wish they had her, too.
I don't think you're an asshole.
Not everybody thinks you're an asshole. Mr. Rooney likes you.
She's a person who views life as an ordeal that must be endured. Her body is a transport vehicle for her anger. I don't know where she gets this shit. Basically, the family's pretty cool.
I wonder if everybody shoots at cigarette butts in urinals? Probably not many women.
Don't you think it's an issue because people need something to worry about? They have to like, have some major problem that puts all their little bullshit into some kind of persepective?
Sleep tight, pooch.
The whole time I was just thinking things over. I was like, meditating. I was thinking about the future. And I realized it doesn't make and difference if the present goes to shit.
Oh, shit!No, it sounds idiotic, I know. And you're still the hard-headed Scot, aren't you? Always were. Do you think I'm making it up?
I know. The one who phoned. Your old college chum, Elster.Are you ready for this, hot shot? Yeah.
You must just want to sting all those jerks.
Right, with Laurence Harvey and everybody died in it. It was very bloody.
Bloody awful if you ask me!
Nothing, lads. Go, God be with you.
Ow, shit!
Don't be an asshole, David. Come here.
Nasty bit of business with those two young American boys.
Sean, those hooligans are in the park again.
Well he ain't no friend of mine.
Murphy, goddamit.
It's a passenger ship. It's a damn passenger ship.
You want to spend the rest of your days drag-assing tank barges on the gulf coast, fine. Otherwise, let's get to work.
Looks like one hell of a stick up his ass.
Looks like her last voyage was January 1953. The question is where the hell's she been since.
Goddamit, Dodge.
Damn mind of it's own.
Then we're rich. We're damn, filthy stinking rich.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, but not as cold as those Swedish girls you only gonna dream about.
Must be making almost five knots full on ass backwards.
Nasty little swell outa the north west too.
You can do what you want, Greer. But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that.I am, thank the lord, very cunning. Most girls are, though we are not given due credit for it. Using a long stick, Birdy stuffs the spinning deeper into the actual hole that the people of the manor, ahem, piss and shit in.
Back of her neck.
Oh, Rollo! Rollo, please stop! I can’t bear it! He stops and looks at his wife.
Not m’lady! Never m’lady!
Corpus Bones! Must my world always be peppered with shit? A GUY of about eighteen, who is pushing a wheelbarrow full of leather mittens, hears her.
Ahhh. Your sweet wench, sir.
Do not call my sweet future wife a wench, you fool.
I'm pretending it's your dick.
Damn.
Goddamn, Will, I need a report.
Well hot damn, that was some hot shit. You're a wild man, you know that?
Don't do that fellas.
Be right back. I gotta piss.
That's my son. A real tough little bastard. Like me.
Looks like frag scars.
Hell, yeah.
Don't mean to insult your intelligence, Sir. But if the shit hits the fan, please don't fire out of these windows. They're bullet proof and the round will just bounce around the cabin.
Okay fellas?
But dammit all, man - !
And answer that dam' phone!
But you damned young idiot, war starts at midnight! Haven't you been told!
Suggie?
Ha! The opera-singers, eh?  No wonder civilians are grumbling about the Army!  Ought to be ashamed of yourselves - yelling and screaming like some damned foreigner!  A nice state of things!  Officers and men losing their lives in South Africa while young officers are roaring about public places like drunkards -
Now listen, Suggie! Remember that interview you gave The Times'?
That's right Candy.  Never go off at half-cock, my boy.  Keep cool.  Keep your mouth shut.  Avoid politicians, like the plague.  That's the way to get on in the army.
Take my tip, my boy. You've got a damn good V.C., now keep quiet for a bit, eh?
US! you silly ass! US, the British Army!
My dear Suggie, don't get so excited...
Stop it, Kaunitz, I'm with a lady.
Stop it, Kaunitz!
You never know. I heard of one chap whose nerve broke - absolutely went all to pieces -
Where's your dictionary, old chap? You must have got two pages stuck together!
Now look here, you son of a gun! You won't understand a word of what I'm going to say - but I came to Berlin to find a rat and found two of the grandest people I ever met. [[I'm a little bit drunk.]] I leave to you, you Prussian stiff-neck, this girl in trust; and if you don't take care of her I'll raise the whole of England against you! The Navy will steam up your stinking Stolpchensee!  I shall lead the Army down Unter den Linden! and we'll -
Well, let me tell you one thing. Don't bother your head with things you don't understand and you won't go far wrong. Don't go off at half- cock. Keep cool. Keep your mouth shut. And avoid politicians like the plague. That's the way to get on in the Army.
I say, there's old Suggie.
Clive!  How dare you come waking up the whole neighbourhood at this hour of the night. Go to your club!
I'll bet your pals are talking nineteen to the dozen!
The ornery son of a gun!
It sounded like Wretch-Bar Something, sir -
Theo! [[You old son-of-a-gun! Where are you?...  Victoria? What are you doing there?]]
Nothing, you blockhead, except talk!
Break it up, chaps.
By gad, we'll have proper weapons or I'll know the reason why!  I won't leave their damn doorstep!  I'll make a sit-down stroke - or a stay- in strike - or whatever they call it! I'll show'em! Angela! Eh?
You can't do that, Spud!
But dammit all, man - !
Rex, I'm not gay.
You're eighteen and you ain't even had one girlfriend.
I don’t think that’s really how it happens. But anyway, I’m not gay.
You guys are gross.
Boobs. Good.
Aright, piss off, mallrats. They stop. Their leader steps to Felicia with a precocious swagger. He’s a foot shorter than she.
You can’t fool us, Ian. We know you’re not really a big Mexican donut.
Yeah, kinda. Kind of a dick.
I’m just sayin’, if you ever want to get laid, you’re going to have to quit worrying about what chicks think of you. Look at Andy and Randy over there. Those guys could give a fuck. Two awkward, dim-faced, badly dressed teenage boys stand outside an arcade. Oblivious to their own lack of appeal, every girl that passes gets hit on.
You suck, Ian!
‘Cause we’re the shit.
You should bang her.
Dude, we would bang her so hard.
This chick?
Dude, I’ve been trying to get you laid every summer since my dad moved here. Now, sack-up, bro.
Oh, really? Your last three boyfriends - All major, supreme dicks. Felicia smiles, she can’t deny it.
Yeah, well, those guys didn’t start off as dicks. They turned into dicks. That’s what all you guys are - instant shithead kits - just add love. The Judge moves through rural Indiana. Ian tries to pass a pimped out Honda with black windows but the car speeds up.
Cut it out, man.
You got the shy bladder? Yeah.
...so I said to my daddy, “That’s it. I ain’t gonna be bossed around no more. Not by you, not by my wife and sure as hell not by my bladder.” You know what he said? Ian walks out.
Hey, man. Come on. She’s not worth it. You get back with her, and she’s just gonna shit all over you. Trust me. Rick raises the bat. Just then the Judge pulls up next to Lance. Ian pulls him into the passenger seat. The car showers dirt all over Rick as it peels away. INT. THE JUDGE The car races blindly through the field. Hundreds of corn stalks thump over the hood as they plow through. Lance, still naked, rides shotgun. Felicia is in the back seat.
You suck, Lance!
What do you think fellas? Felicia walks up, holding up her phone. Nothing.
Dude. We need you to piss in the radiator. Why?
I’m going for help. I’m not standing around here all day waiting for the hitchhiker piss to eat away the paint.
was some pretty badass driving back there, Luke Duke. Really?
No F-ing way. INT. RUMSPRINGA PARTY - NIGHT Foo Fighters are rocking the shit out of “All My Life.”
Leesh, why don’t you just drop the hard ass thing for once. It’s okay. You’re into Lance.
I’m fine, pussyfoot.
What’s your name, gangsta?
A moment? Oh shit, Ian. I knew she was gonna do this. She sees you with that chick and now she’s tightening your leash. She’s just afraid to lose the undivided attention of the one guy who always listens to her problems.
He’s violated.
Hold on - she invited him out because he came off like such an ahole. Dude got that part right.
Dude. Man up. They think you’re shittin’ your pants, they’ll fuck with you. Ian does a terrible impersonation of a tough guy. After a beat, a man rolls up on Lance, posturing like he means harm. Yo, man--
Chill. Damn.
Ah shit, Ian!
Damn, you’re hot as fuck.
Holy fuckballs! EXT. SHAKEY’S PARKING LOT A big hillbilly climbs out of the truck - it’s Rick!
Well shit, boy! Then she heard everything! Hello!
I’m fired? I’m the best employee you got! I stay late all the time, I cover for you when you have your D & D tournaments, I’m the only one who knows how to fix the register spool! Fuck you! I dare you to fire me! Rex and Lance exchange a glance - they’re impressed.
You ain’t gonna kill nobody.
Totally banging her.
You bangin’ her?
My parents got used to the idea. And Rex is a actually a pretty great guy these days. Now he only uses the word ‘faggot’ during sex. Cutaway to Christmas dinner. Now Rex happily sits next to a handsome man. Mom and Dad smile and hand them a gift. Rex and his boyfriend delight as they unwrap a juicer.Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
Jim, don't.  You're scaring him.
... that is, until things started going all haywire with that damn election.
What happened at the speeches was an unconscienceable travesty. That little bitch Tammy Metzier wanted to make a fool out of me. Well, it wasn't going to work. People do care who wins. Things do matter.
Jim, where the hell have you been?
What up my nigga! I really enjoyed those last pair you gave me. The Force twos. Classic.
Damn, blood, are those Jordan threes in Clipper colors? I ain’t never seen no shits like them. I must admit, you got taste. Bug gives him a look and a nod. Malcolm hesitates.
It’s just that the ninties were the golden age of hip hop, you know. Everything from It Takes a Nation of Millions to The Blueprint, was killin’ it. I guess we just wish we were growing up back then.
Technically yes, but the spirit was still ninties. Nation of Millions, Straight Outta Compton, Paid In Full were ahead of their time, and The Blueprint was like the punctuation point.
This is our senior year, bi-ach-es! We’ve never been invited to shit! It’s time to start expanding our horizons. Abeula is out cold after Dancing With The Stars. I can get her car. Tell your mom we’re studying late.
Show him your titties.
I kinda do. I don’t want to, it’s my birthday and shit. But you know, there’s a principle here and I’m a principled man.
Breakfast Club, nigga. Molly Ringwald!
I do, and I don’t smell shit either.
Damn right.
I fucks around a little you know. My style is like Dilla meets No ID with a little Rick Rubin. He clicks on a TRACK. The BEAT begins to play. Jaleel bobs his head. Proud of his creation, which actually doesn’t sound bad. Hell it’s hot. Malcolm and his friends bob along as well. Jaleel raps over his track.
Damn, that shit was dope! Jaleel plays back the track. Malcolm and his friends are on an artistic high as they listen to their work. Marvel that it sounds so professional.
Not directly. He was talking all long and unnecessarily vague like a GTA character or some shit. Talking about Amazon and Rick Ross CD’s not being delivered to their customers. But it’s clear what he meant.
That’s deep, nigga. INT. SHERWOOD RESIDENCE - WILL’S BEDROOM William operates a VOLCANO VAPORIZER. Twists the DIAL to heat it up. Fills the VALVE with weed. Puts the valve BALLOON on the machine. The BALLOON fills with vapor. He takes off the balloon and INHALES the vapor. An idea hits him!
Shit’s been real crazy since Dom got locked up. Some of his boys got smoked on the corner the other day. I just don’t want to go back there. But I have to, and that scares me. Malcolm doesn’t say anything. He nods. She begins to tear up. Then gives Malcolm a hug. Rests her head on his shoulder. She lifts her head. And they are face to face. Malcolm can feel her breath on his lips. She pulls away.
I don't want some fancy-ass woman to do my negotiating. Where's Herb Gorson?
Gold Kugerands are looking attractive. Another long pause.
stares at it.
Holds eye contact for a moment.
who takes a step back, alongside Hung Fat.
Where the hell are you going?
Presses bimself into the shadows.
You look like hell, Robert.
The Two Lous thought practical id.ea. 1
Manny, wouldja please don't do this to me iu front of eve=ybody, please
I'm tryna save your ass,
If a chick can do
I 1 m supe::::woman,
'Now we sane til it 1 s s~ooth as glass -
'Karate sure is a PAIN IN THE ASS!
You want these guys cuta your territory, right? So
Yeah? You aint sc bad
You can tell nim yourself, he comes
I don’t do things half-assed. When I know I want something, I go for it. That’s how I got this far in my career. Russell Boyd, Rodney Charters, Don McAlpine... when the top cinematographers need a Bcamera operator, do you know who they call? You?
Where did you get a blowdart?
Now go give `em hell.
Neckbeard likes me?
Come on Gittes, there you were, consorting with a known hoodlum GITTES •consorting?'
Oh hell yes.
Where the hell'd he go?
You got crosses in your heels.
I'm Neckbone, he's Ellis, and mister you may be stone ass crazy but I know you're not the owner of that boat, not for nine tenths of nothin'.
Well he can swim his ass off that island and get some.
A reminder. Don't get bit. I was 10, swimmin' `bout a mile up from here. Me and Juniper. Sonofabitch swam right up under me, bit me just below the armpit. June got me out, got me to a clinic. Doctor said I shoulda been dead in twenty minutes. Took us an hour just to get back to town.
We gotta go help Neck's uncle.
He was messin' with you.
I don't want no damn fish.
We came up on Juniper's room. A guy was in there beatin' up on her. Mud's face turns dark.
You think he's a bad ass don't you?
You not talkin' to me?
Help Me Rhonda's just about a guy needing to get a piece to get over a girl that put one over on him. So you get your heart broke, don't walk around with a shit look on your face. Get back in there. Get your tip wet. You hear me?
Wait a second, are ya'll the little bastards tryin' to sell fish to the guests? They're already out the door.
She's raisin' you a snake like herself, and you can curl up with her `fore I give a damn. You just remember this when you watch them rip this house apart board by board. You Hear Me! Mary Lee slaps Senior hard. He turns to her, saying nothing.
The sun does shine on a dog's ass some days.
Mud dinged the shit out of it. Neckbone takes a seat next to Ellis. They watch the workers.Would you relax? We've been dating three months. He ain't stalking your butt.
You gotta sell his butt on the Bahamas?
Man, what is your problem? We haven't caught anything for days. Pull the big ugly stick out of your butt. She asked you to go to the Bahamas! Man, you gotta go. We'll both drive up. I got friends I can see up there.
No way, man. Surprise her. She'll be psyched.
He fell asleep at the wheel...and ran his old truck into a guardrail. He got thrown way the hell down into a ditch. He's damn lucky.
Titus, you're so stoned, you'd end up in Spain.
Your not out yet, slugger. You gotta just get back up there and keep swingin'.
We're gonna find some weird crap in here.
I mean, all I know for sure is this is the worst vacation of my life... I'm tired, and I'm hungry, and I personally haven't seen one damn psycho killer...
Hey! Whatcha think ya doin' down dere flipperbird? Get back up here dis minute!
Hombre, you got so much already, you dangerous.
Just keep moving! Toboggan, if you have to!!
Let’s cheese it! As they are running away -ON CRASHED ‘68 BONNEVILLE Shit-stained Kurt and his cronies pile out of the car. Alice sees her four-armed brother running away.
Get your hand off my butt.
I nearly shit my clown pants.
Stella sits on the counter, despondent. Auggie stares at the ice melting in his coke. Ramón leans his head against a wall. They watch Alice coming with a vengeance -ALICE Where is that little shit? He was supposed to be home for dinner.
Hey, Bullit, watch it.
So the son of a war hero, dies a two-bit hood.
You even know her name?! I love you, man. I love the law! Just drive, man. Open her up.
A beauty parlor for men?  Sounds pretty queer.
A beauty parlor for men?  Sounds pretty queer.
Holy shit, Dulli.  What the hell are you doing here?
I wish there was shit like this back home.
Yeah, right.  Gonzales.  What is that, Sicilian?
Oh, shut up, Fred.  Shut your big fat mouth.  You don't buy it all at once. It's called layaway.
Who's the cheapskate?
You, you big old tightwad.  He still has his communion money.  Tell him, George. Tell your father about layaway.
Alright.  You're right.  I want to get out of this shithole as fast as I can. And I don't want to do this any more than you do.  But for me to walk early, some of you have to graduate.  You, forget about it.  You're hopeless, go to sleep.
Damn, homeboy, you got ruined.
We can learn some criminal shit, too. Alright, I'll make you a deal.  What if half the time, we learn about George Washington, and the other half, I'll teach you how to smuggle drugs?
It's a lousy fifteen kilos.  I piss fifteen kilos.
Get your hands off me.
You know why I'm here.  You know what I have to do.  I came here for permission. Out of respect, Pablo.  This is bullshit, he's making me look like a punk.
George.  Oh, Jesus Christ, George.  Look at you.
For calling you a homo.
Those are my nuts!
Holy shit, Dulli!
You saved my life, Dulli.  You'll never fucking know.  All you guys.  Everyone just got a raise.  Instead of ten percent, you get fifteen.
Hey, what's wrong fellas?  Why the long faces?
I was busted.  Set up by the FBI and the DEA.  That didn't bother me.  Set up by Kevin Dulli and Derek Foreal to save their own asses.  That didn't bother me. Sentenced to sixty years at Otisville. That didn't bother me.
Don’t worry, hard-on. Morticia’s all yours.
When you kissed “Ellen” did it turn you gay?
Where the fuck is “Sawville?” Jeff, wearing a CAVEALIEN tee-shirt, rushes around from the driver’s side of the car, surprised by Bruce’s outburst. Trying to calm him. Easy, man.
Mills, you magnificent bastard. When you said you had a “surprise” in store... More blank looks. talking about.
Gents, you got me all wr...
Always figured this “Gandhi” fella for being some sorta pushover in a diaper...
Look, kid, when you’re in the hero business, there are only two things you need to know. One, monsters are mostly pussies. Two, repeat number one. Wow.
Campbell, you coward! You were supposed to protect us! Branch.
Thought chick’s got off on the whole mano a mano thing.
You okay, partner? Holy shit.
That's my old lady, dude. know that.
Kick his ass, baby!
Hell to the yeah!
What the hell, bro? I'm in my chones.
This is called a ticket book. Inside are these things called tickets. It gets better. You can actually stop motorists and cut citations for vehicle code violations. Like running lights and speeding. There is a reason you are issued these books. All of you need to write. I know there is plenty of other fun to be had out there. But if you don't start writing the Captain will shit on me. And I will shit on you. Capiche?
Good to be back. Old lady's driving me nuts at the casa. Making me do shit.
Yo, just 'cause I look like the dudes at Home Depot doesn't mean I do the shit the Home Depot dudes do.
Now you know that's that same cop and his whiteboy partner who blasted them crabs from the park? Whaaat?
That was the eses. I seen them, that was the eses from Curbside.
I went to my prom and got married a week later. I ain't tapped nobody but Old Faithful for like eight years. Don't know what you're tripping about, dude.
Yeah, we rap all the time, man. Gabby's a trip. You should hear the shit that comes out of her mouth. She could be the fuckin' president. She's like way smarter than me.
What's this chick's name?
Saturday's my little sister's quinceñera, wanna cruise through with Janet from another planet? Shit's gonna be hardcore Mexican, you know how my familia rolls. Maybe.
We now have a hen party in progress. Officer Taylor and me are now going to the bar and talking shit.
You good, partner? Any holes in you? No.
I'm not gay but I'd go down on him if he asked.
You don't ask some broad to marry you 'cause her folks are old school. Think about this shit. Then think about it again. You're chill. You're not a partier. But marriage is forever. That's making a promise before God.
Lady you got more kids? My girl.
She was an O.G. paisa. When Hernan Cortes came with the Spanish soldiers to conquer the Aztecs she helped him, she became his old lady and betrayed her own people. Like you.
Sarge. You see that shit? Van H had a goddamn Ginsu set in his eye.
They are policemen.
I'd take a bullet for you, homie.
Salud, bitch! Salud!
We can follow their asses home.
Zavala, that's really professional behavior. Just 'cause you won the medal doesn't give you a license to be a prick.
Get outta here. Already? Dang, bro. She ain't even Mexican.
We so got these fools.
Would I want my daughter packing a burner to protect herself from the assholes of the World? Hell yeah.
Limbering up, gonna stay loose, keep it all together.  Take this motherfucker down.
Look at this shit -- the first television transmission.  I had better shit when I was the AV guy at junior high, swear-to-God.
Come on, Castro, pay attention. Watch his damn hands.
Because we pay him, stupid.
You mean all breast, just like you.
...Probably, but do I ever say this stuff, just say, "hey, I'm uncomfortable in this crowd, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing, either? I know you're afraid and it's okay--
Go home.  Get cleaned up.  Get to work.  Salazar is heading down to Mexico City next week and I'm not getting left behind.  Don't fuck this up.
Javi!  Come on.  Don't pull this you don't care bullshit.  This is incredible information.  It must be. Javi --
Javi, You want to come see us again, you're going on the box.  No more of this water-wing bullshit.
I can stop, you know, and she can't. Two people, really similar, we can talk about anything, but for me it's like a weekend thing, then I get my shit together, and for her it's different --
You don't?  Listen to this woman in a man's world, a very violent world.
Hey man, back the fuck up.  To this place.  What's that shit?  Right now, all over this country, a hundred thousand white people from the suburbs are driving around downtown asking every black person they see, You got any drugs?  You know where I can get drugs?  What kind of effect you think this has on the psyche of a black person, on their possibilities?  If you sent a hundred thousand black people into your neighborhood, Indian Hills, and they asked every white person they saw, hey, you got any drugs?, within a day, your friends and their kids would be selling. It's market forces, man.  The product's marked up three hundred percent.  You can go out on the street and make five hundred bucks in two hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day.  You think white people would still be going to law school?
Throw him out of here.Sure I see it. But a good guy don't pay no attention to what some heel makes him stick on his truck.
Listen. That big nose of yours been goin' over me like a sheep in a vegetable patch. But I ain't keepin' it a secret. I been in the penitentiary. Been there four years. Like to know anything else?
But boy, I sure *used* to have it! I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em!
Maybe you should a got yourself a wife.
All right, you remember the *man* then.
I *tol'* you!
For three dollars a day, that's what I'm doin' it for. I got two little kids. I got a wife and my wife's mother. Them people got to eat. Fust and on'y thing I got to think about is my own folks. What happens to other folks is their lookout.
What you figger to do?
I seen him!--gobblin' away like an ole pig!
Sometimes they do somethin' to you, Tommy. They hurt you--and you get mad--and then you get mean--and they hurt you again--and you get meaner, and meaner--till you ain't no boy or no man any more, but just a walkin' chunk a mean-mad. Did they hurt you like that, Tommy?
You know what I al'ays said: "Tom'll come bustin' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence." Can't keep no Joad in jail!
You bust outa jail, Tom?
What you mean you ain't goin'? We *got* to go. We got no place to stay.
And I don't give a hoot in a hollow if they's oranges and grapes crowdin' a fella outa bed even, I ain't a- goin' to California!
This here's my country. I b'long *here*.
Reckon we could git him *drunk*?
Better give him a good 'un. He's awful bull-headed.
Awright, but get me some a them spareribs, too. Get me a whole mess of 'em. I'm hongry.
This here is William James Joad, dyed of a stroke, old old man. His folkes bured him becaws they got no money to pay for funerls. Nobody kilt him. Jus a stroke an he dyed.
I figger best we leave something like this on him, lest somebody dig him up and make out he been kilt.
Not be so lonesome, either, knowin' his name is there with 'im, not just' a old fella lonesome underground.
Your pa tol' me you didn't ought to cross it if you're paroled. Says they'll send you up again.
Now don't you go gettin' nimsy-mimsy.
That's my part--that an' keepin' the fambly together.
Whatta you think you're talkin' about? I got a han'bill here says good wages, an' I seen it in the papers they need pickers!
Wait a minute, buddy. You jus' done some jackassin'! You ain't gonna shut up now. The han'bill says they need men. You laugh an' say they don't. Now which one's a liar?
What are you, a troublemaker? You sure you ain't one a them labor fakes?
I tried to tell you folks sump'n it took me a year to fin' out. Took two kids dead, took my wife dead, to show me. But nobody couldn't tell me neither. I can't tell ya about them little fellas layin' in the tent with their bellies puffed out an' jus' skin on their bones, an' shiverin' an' whinin' like pups, an' me runnin' aroun' tryin' to get work--
S'pose he's tellin' the truth--that fella?
Well, ask right. You ain't talkin' to bums, you know.
I know, ma'am... on'y it's for a ole lady, no teeth, gotta sof'n it with water so she can chew it, an' she's hongry.
Whyn't you buy a san'wich? We got nice san'widges.
Ya know, you're the second fella talked like that. I'd like to hear some more about that.
If a fella's willin' to work hard, can't he cut her?
But a fella don't know ever'thing.
John, you never was a fella to say much, but I'll be goldanged if you opened your mouth twicet since we lef' home. What you think about this?
Look, mister. We got a sick ol' lady. We got to get her to a doctor. We can't wait.
Whatta ya mean? You ain't et today.
Look. You little fellas go an' get you each a flat stick an' I'll put what's lef' for you.
Whay you payin?
Seems like I have. Seems like I seen him hangin' around that used car lot that was busted into. Yep, I'd swear it's the same fella.
Get in that car.
You got nothin' on him.
You fellas don't wanta lissen to troublemakers. You better pack up an' come on to Tulare County.
He seen you, Tom! You wanta be fingerprinted? You wanta get sent back for breakin' parole?
*Some*body got to take the blame. They just *got* to hang it on somebody, you know.
Mike, is this the fella that hit you?
Get in that car.
But what you gonna do? Must be *thousands* of 'em around here, sore and hungry and living in them dumps. What you gonna do about 'em?
You'll *what*?... Come on, Pa. Come on an' whup me. Jus' try it.
An' if you think diff'unt, you gotta whup me first. So some on.
I never *seen* her so sassy.
Jus' sassy, that's all.
But it ain't runnin' away, Ma. All I wanta do is go away with another fella an' look aroun' for work by ourself--
Fella tells me some a them poolroom boys figgerin' to burn the whole camp out tonight. Got to get that truck loaded--what you doin' with the jack-handle, Ma?
I ain't got nothin' in *my* han'.
Fella tells me they's three hunerd thousan' aroun' here like us, a- scrabblin' for work an' livin' like hogs. Can't figger what it is, but *sump'n's* wrong.
This the fella you been talkin' about?
Workin'. Pickin' peaches. But I seen a bunch a fellas yellin' when we come in, so I come out to see what's goin' on. What's it all about?
Well, fi' cents a box ain't much, but a fella can eat.
Fi' cents! They pain' you fi' cents?
Lookie, Tom. We come to work here. They tell us it's gonna be fi' cents. But they was a whole lot of us, so the man says two an' a half cents. Well, a fella can't even eat on that, an' if he got kids...
But jus' the minute they ain't strike- breakin' they won't get no five!
We was outa food. Tonight we had meat. Not much, but we had it. Think Pa's gonna give up his meat on account a other fellas? An' Rosasharn needs milk. Think Ma's gonna starve that baby jus' cause a bunch a fellas is yellin' outside a gate?
All of us a little itchy. Cops been tellin' us how they gonna beat us up an' run us outa the country. Not them reg'lar deppities, but them tin- star fellas they got for guards.
Listen, you fellas. You don't know what you're doin'. You're helpin' to stave kids.
Boy, he's *good* and dead! You see that fella that done it?
They know what--this fella looks like?
They was the time when we was on the lan'. They was a bound'ry to us then. Ol' folks died off, an' little fellas come, an' we was always one thing-- we was the fambly--kinda whole an' clear. But now we ain't clear no more. They ain't nothin' keeps us clear. Al--he's a-hankerin' an' a- jibbitin' to go off on his own. An' Uncle John is just a-draggin' along. Pa's lost his place--he ain't the head no more. We're crackin' up, Tom. They ain't no fambly now. Rosasharn--
You mean that hitch-hiker? Little short fella with a pale face?
Short fella. Pale face.
Are you aimin' to tell me that the fellas that run this camp is jus' fellas--campin' here?
I can't hardly believe it. Camp I was in once, they burned it out--the deputies an' some of them poolroom fellas.
It's them white things, made outa dish-stuff, like in the catalogues!
Well, I reckon you *stan'* in them little rooms--an' water come down outa that there little jigger up there--take a bath!
--if you won't tell what *I* done!
Seems like a nice frien'ly fella to work for, too.
Lotta these little farmers mighty nice fellas. Trouble is they're little, they ain't got much say-so.
Lissen here. Maybe I'm talkin' myself outa my farm, but I like you fellas, so I'm gonna tell you. You live in that gov'ment camp, don't you?
But why? Those fellas ain't botherin' nobody.
Ev'nin', ma'am. Who'd you say invited you?
Mister an' Mizz Clark, they ast us.
I can't he'p it, Ma. It don't make *me* giggly an' happy.
Fella named Jackson--Buck Jackson.
Them's our fellas.
Kinda makes me think a ol' times.
What we oughta do, we oughta git us some pickhandles an'--
You ain't to hurt them fellas.
You git right along! This here girl's spoke for. She's gonna be married, an' her man's a-comin' for her.
Girl with a baby *always* gets prettier.
You're *ticklin' me!*
I know you would, Ma. But I ain't gonna let you. You hide somebody that's kilt a man an'... an' you'd be in trouble too.
Awright, Tommy. What you figger you gonna do?
Well, maybe it's like Casy says, a fella ain't got a soul of his own, but on'y a piece of a big soul--the one big soul that belongs to ever'body-- an' then...
Get them buckets on! Somebody tie down the mattress! You little fellas keep outa the way!
Woman can change better'n a man. Man lives in jerks--baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk--gets a farm, or loses one, an' that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an' they die, an' their kids ain't no good, an' they die out. But we keep a-comin'. We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people.So you can see where you're going when you crawl up his asshole.
just the damn rain.
he i ghts.
Lynn Nisbitt Knows Everything you know that.
They do! Not there -- the gossip right here in this damn building. It's much more salacious. CARLY
ass.
(on phone} Just a goddamn second, Michael?
met you in the lobby . If you need anything, if you need any help with anything, : · ve got some pull with the manage~ . Personally, Mrs. MeEvoy scares the shit ou: of me. My number's 456-3126. She smiles.
The guy in 3-B. Bale, know him.
Be's not a gorgeous man sometimes he's a real asshole.
that Jack is the only one sicting
Can someoody hear
down, it's okay, Carly. Come on, all this haunted house shit is getting to you. Settle
a ni ce stomach. looks
You went off wi th --
Probably for the same crazy she jumped out the wi ndow.
in her 30'5 arguing
Damn.
'Fuck...' 'Shit...' these are highly technical golf terms and you're using them on your first lesson -- this is promising.
Well, she sure as hell knows I ain't taking her to no Doral for massages and mimosas all weekend. I gotta do something with my life.
Yeah, well... my sticks may be in a pawn shop, but I got a rake and a hoe at the range.
Hey, hey... shit... cool it...
From the moment I first saw you I knew I was through with bar girls and strippers and motorcycle chicks, and when you started talking I was smitten and I'm smitten more every day I think about you -- and the fact that you know I'm full of crapola only makes you more attractive to me because usually I can bullshit people but I can't bullshit you and in addition, most women I'm thinking about how to get into their pants from Day One but with you I'm just thinking about how to get into your heart --
Stunned, eh? So what about dinner and we can talk about `us' and if we have a future and how to drop that horse's ass boyfriend of yours --
Uh, something us shitheels want you to know, Tin Cup, is uh, well, we been to see Doreen, and we told her we'd stage a customer's strike if she didn't give you time off to win the Open.
Swear to God, Doc, this guy is not who you think.
Why do men insist on measuring their dicks?
Oh, Tin Cup, what a crock.    You got a hard-on.
There's a lotta triple bogeys out there waiting to grab your ass.
You're complaining again! Romeo's back! Whining, bitching, pissed off -- you're my man!
I love you, too, God damn it!
Awright... now that we got that bullshit outta the way, I'm gonna hit me some balls and start oilin' that sweet swing o' mine for the big boys...
Shanks are like a virus -- they just show up. Nobody can figure 'em out.
Some of this shit might actually
Well, not right at the moment -- but listen to me. You're with the wrong guy. I'm the right guy. Everyone tells me my face is all screwed up tight as a drum 'cause I've been crazy about you from the day you showed up wearing this stupid stuff and the whole damn thing has both inspired me to get here on the verge of greatness yet it's also caused me to get the shanks which could humiliate me in front of a zillion people.
There's a mistake here, fellas!
Look at these balls. Brand new Titleists. Lookit 'em, every one a brand new Titleist.
Almost missed the starting time trying to get you off the floor, boss. You don't handle the hooch like you used to...
I played in the Pro-Am with some asshole movie star shot 82 here once... how did a great ball- striker like you, a `legend,' manage to shoot an 83?
Actually I thinned it a little or that pelican'd be flying around with a Titleist up his ass...
We gotta go, boys. We gotta get us on a Continental Trailways and find this damn place!
You boys a sight for sore eyes. We so damn sick of guys in blazers and slacks that don't wrinkle. It ain't natural 'round here...
It won't always be like this... y'know... with me... surrounded by all these guys... snoring... a stripper ex-girlfriend on the floor... my caddie sleeping next to her... all of us damn near broke... won't always be like this...
That's bullshit, what about Lori? She's hot.
Goddamn right, wow. Now get outta here. I'm gonna dock you for being late, and for the scratch on that car. Try and be a little more responsible tomorrow.
Jesus, Guy, you look like shit, what happened?
It... it just seems gay, doesn't it?
Ah, I didn't get in because the bouncer was doucheface, but I made friends in the line.
--saaaane, my longest relationship was like six months, and then she farted in her sleep. I'm like, I am outta here, man. Was gone before she woke up.
Ooh. I think you just got me stoned.
It's not true, I'm a fuckin' classy broad.
You kiddin' me? Four years we been going out, I'm takin' you to the best place in town. I been crappin' out room for it for two days, I know exactly what I'm gonna order.
See that? That's me on the diving team in high school. We dove the shit outta that pool that year. If you look close, you can see the outline of my root.
Actually, could you wrap just this up for me? I wanna scare the shit outta somebody.
We can achieve critical acclaim and become rich just by screwing each other.
Ah shit, hang on, my phone fell under the seat somewhere. Can you call it?
I know. Fuck. I just don't know what to do here. I know it sucks, but otherwise I'm gonna lose her. And I do love her, Ted.
I can't just ditch work, man. Look, I'm trying to get my shit together and be an adult here, y'know? For Lori's sake.
John. Five minutes. And then I'll kick you out, I promise. C'mon, I picked up the "Cheers" DVD box set, and supposedly everybody talks shit about each other in the interviews.
John, I have to kick you out. I am extraordinarily busy today, I have so much teddy bear paperwork to get through, it is retarded. Five minutes and you're outta here.
Yeah, she's-- that's the way she is, she sees trouble, she tries to help out, and I guess one of these dogs clamped his jaws on her forearm, and he wouldn't let go until the fireman showed up and had to stick his finger in his ass.
Up the dog's ass, right?
Yes, there was quite a lot of cocaine. I mean, it was the eighties. And I was king. I was king of the eighties. I was Ted fucking Danson. And not only that, I was Sam fucking Mayday Malone. Was I popular? Gee, lemme think: are there naked dicks in gay porn?
Sucks.
I know. Done. Man, right here in front of you. Look at these pecs. Man pecs. Look at the hair on my upper lip. Man hair. I just farted. Man fart.
Well, gosh, you know, since I just returned from active duty in the Civil War, that sounds really appealing. Oh wait, no, that was a hundred and fifty years ago, and I don't give a shit.
Dude. One man to another. I got you on this.
Aw, come on dudes. Don't tell me you've never done it before.
You fellas better come with me.
It's easy. We just gotta bang a lotta girls named Stephanie.
See? There. Proof. Garfield's eyes look like a pair of tits.
Holy shit! / Ha! / Wow! / Etc.
Oh come on, she'll go home, watch Bridget Jones' Somethin' Asshole, cry a little bit, she'll be fine, you'll talk to her tomorrow.
Wow. Listen to yourself. What am I, Emperor Ming here, controllin' your mind? That's your choice, John! And you know, by blamin' me, you just make yourself look like a pussy.
My dick is in the TV.
So am I, man.
Hey, play chopsticks, you jazzy slut!
Teddy!! How you doin', you fuzzy little asshole?
Actually, you weren't so bad for a guy with no penis.
Kudos on your freakin’ spazzes, dude. Totally classic. Uh huh. We dig it.
Dude, keep an eye out for Balderelli. That Vice Principal is a freakin’ henchman. Been giving us the hairy eyeball. Hear what he did to Finch?
Dahmer’s got balls, man. He’s slick.
Shit, dude, look, Balderelli. Heads turn. In the distance, Vice Principal Balderelli crosses the practice field, approaching. Run.
Chill, Neil. Bully-Jock Jerkoff pays in.
I never seen ya drink like that before, Dahmer.
Where we meeting these idiots?
You’re alone in this punk stuff, Derf.
Jesus, all the crazies are out today.
He's just stoned.
Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season.
Jesus.  Every day at the same damn time.  Now this'll only sting for a moment.
You're strong.  Do you hear me? You're a fucking warrior.  Nothing scares you.  In fact you happen to be the single most powerful woman on earth.  Now what did you see?
That lucky bastard.
Maybe they were all duds.
A little over a year ago, my mother and I went to the mall.  I was supposed to meet her outside, but I got caught up watching some news report about some kid who committed suicide.  I kept thinking, "How can you strangle yourself in a bathtub?" That's retarded.
Six duds in a row.
You are Hagaman?
Yes, the monks. I sold them the tail of an ass ridden in the flight from Egypt.
Do not utter those words, foul hypocrite!
OH SHIT EATING SON OF A BITCH! Just kidding.
Yeah, dad. Don't be a psychosexual pimp.
BOOGER HEAD!
So a psychiatrist and a psychologist go into a bar and order Bloody Marys...
My god. The poor bastard.
The shittiest suite at the Plaza Hotel.
Hundreds of million -- I knew you were holdin' out on me Irving! Hundreds of millions of dollars? Like much bigger. Like I'm talking about we say never the fuck mind the CD's and we could have some complete access to something huge.
the Sheik.
Hmm -- intersting.
I like you too. I want to live, alright. For real. No more fake shit. Alright?
It means you gotta be committed! It means you gotta be committed to something in your life, for Christ's sake. I want a jet at Teterboro for the Sheik. It can be a small jet. It doesn't even have to take off, cause I know you're so worried about how much money the Bureau's gonna fucking spend. It can take off and land on the tarmac, okay?
You used to be fun. When did you get to be such a tight-ass? Laura walks away, out into the darkness. Felix stands alone in the door way. CUT TO:But teach, I worked my ass off on this. Richard reads some of Javier’s text, then looks at him.
Confess, explore, say things people are afraid of saying. Unleash your shit, Javier, make the words your weapons. Javier stands, Richard slaps him five and Javier turns to leave. Richard watches him go for a beat. He reaches into his pocket, pulls out cell phone, dials. And as it rings... 12
First thing he does is turn my fucking music down. A familiarity. Richard moves to him, they embrace, happy to see each other. Comfort in the years. Richard releases, looks at Tim’s face and body.
Orgasm Addict.
Goin’ soft on me.
But...a tight sixteen year-old assThey laugh.
You still have sex with your wife?
You have to say ‘bratvurst’ again.
My god
Oh man, that is priceless. You think you just waltz in here and and I'm going to demand a t icket, give it to you like I'm some kind of magic genie tha t grants wishes or some shit? Maybe I can lend you my flying rug too. He laughs.
very ass uring , but it Well that's took me decades to make that to program,
What you doing? 'l'hinking.
YOU!
Dammit, Tresckow-
About time they put a man with balls in this office. Have a seat.
For God's sake, Stauffenberg, you're-
Dammit man, what is it?
Where the hell is Stauffenberg?
Stubborn old bastard! All right. Go and bring him back.Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker?
He wasn't a bad little fella, that Joey.
Wasn't a bad little fella ...
One side. Le'me through!
H'ya, slugger, how they hangin'?
But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin' watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up out of there for nuthin'.
So look, kid, you don't think we c'n afford to be boxed out of a deal like this— a deal I sweated and bled for— on account of one lousy little cheese-eater, that Doyle bum, who thought he c'd go squealin' to the Crime Commission? Do you?—
Malloy? Never heard of 'im.
Come on, you bums, push back. I'll do the pickin'.
Five straight mornin's I been Standin' here and the bum looks right through me. There's always a couple hundred left standin' in the street.
The brother of Charley the Gent. They'll help us get to the bottom of the river.
These fellers need help, Vince.
Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.
You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown, before I put a strap to you.
If another fella tries to take that perch away from him, he lets him have it.
I— I never knew a girl like you, Edie. I always knew the kind you just grab 'em And— I never knew a girl like you, Edie.
You know what you're askin'? You're askin'—
Shut up about that!
You want to know what's wrong with our waterfront? It's love of a lousy buck. It's making love of a buck— the cushy job— more important than the love of man. It's forgetting that every fellow down here is your brother in Christ.
Sure, that's all right when you're a kid, but you'll be pushing thirty pretty soon, slugger. It's time you got some ambition.
—ex-tanker who's walking on his heels— ?
What do you weigh these days, slugger?
Get away from me.
Get out of my way.
From where you stand, maybe. But I'm standing over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them years and didn't know it, helpin' punks like you against people like Pop and Nolan an'... .
That kid fights like he useta!
You want 'im?
So as you can see, the law is just one little call away. But I'm gonna choose not to use that tactic today. I'm gonna do something that I like to do from time to time, and that's called handle shit myself.
As I was saying, the pervert situation here is real bleak. For all you people out there thinking of coming to the mall, please for your own safety, stay away.
Yeah, man. I mean, I'm kind of on extended vacation from college and it's just like, I don't want to do shit, you know what I mean? My parents said I have to work if I want to live at home, but I just don't feel like doing anything. This was the easiest job I could find, I mean, what the hell could be hard about being a bouncer in a mall restaurant? But now that I think about it, Mall Security could be easier than this.
Why are you saying that, man?
I think it's obvious, Saddamn.
You guys should have been there today. We were just solving shit left and right. I mean, that's what this job is supposed to be like. Busting loiterers and kids who steal pennies from the fountain has its rewards, but really getting in there and closing cases is where it's at. It's rewarding too because at the end of the day, you know you've done something good for the world.
I had to do inventory tonight. Bruce took off early so I'm the last one. Hey, I was wondering if you would mind walking me to my car. You know, just in case that freak with the dick is out there someplace.
Okay, you can pick me up after work on Saturday. Dinner and that's it. Don't try to kiss me because I'll smack the shit out of you. It's not a date.
You want to get laid, too?
Hell yeah!
What is it, honey? Let me guess. You're looking for something to take care of those blackheads and hide that puffiness under your eyes. I've got just the thing.
Yo, waste this pig, Tone.
Do it, man.
Is it, Ronnie? I mean, the mall is getting butchered in the press. Somebody who works here is ripping the place off. The cops don't have any leads. I'm getting shit from the owner of the mall. Sales are down. I mean, what's so good about this morning?
You know why. I just don't want to see you get hurt. It's my job to protect you from the bullshit.
I'm ready, Saddamn.
Nah, man, I'm fine. I mean, I'm catchin' perverts and protecting this mall and just you know, really livin' the dream.
That guy is a nut job.
You're goddamn right I'm ready.
Hell yeah!   Who'd you think it was?!
Ramon, get your ass over here! Go get my spare keys out of the office.
I'm serious, Ronnie. I've always liked you, but there's just no excuse for this. Somebody is going down and I'll be damned if it's going to be me. Now, don't make a big thing out of this. Just pack your shit and get out by the end of the day.
Alright, I'll tell you. Man, that gig was one of the best jobs I ever had. I got to wear a uniform, I could smoke weed whenever I wanted. For once in my life, I felt like I was actually somebody. I know most people don't think it's shit, but I really loved it. Then, all of a sudden, I find out that your ass got promoted over me.
I'll be quick. Nell, this is the only job I was ever any good at. I'm not a crime solver or right hand of the law. I'm just a dumb guy in a uniform who can't even become a real policeman. Somewhere along the way I started to think I was something special, someone whose shit didn't stink, someone who deserved to date out of my league. You know, I've learned. My shit does stink. It smells horrible. And you're also out of my league, but for some reason, you like the smell of my shit. I guess what I'm saying is...
Fuck yeah!
I caught the Pervert.
Peter backs up, hauling ass out of the lot, Charley running after him.'
Because it's after dark, pencil.dick, and there's a vampire back there! Be points back at the Dandrige house. Evil Ed just stares at him.
Oh, shit, Brewster, you're certifiable, you know that.
But you're worth more'n that, a lot more, and you know it, and that's why you come along with me.  You could find a lover boy on every corner in town and it doesn't make a damn to them whether you're waiting on tables or picking cotton, so long as you cooperate. But it does make a damn to me!
'Cause you may be the best damn girl in Texas.
You're damned right, ma'm.
You're the best damn girl in Texas.
Hey, that time you broke out of jail, she talk you into goin' back?
Hey, what's this I hear about you cuttin' up your toes, boy?
That ain't but half of it.  I did it so I could get off work detail-- breakin' those damned rocks with a hammer day and night.  Sure enough, next week I got paroled.  I walked out of that god-forsaken jail on crutches.
Sweet Jesus, I never seen shootin' like that!
...Maybe you know the way with her, then.  I'm just an old woman and I don't know nothin...
You'd best keep runnin' and you know it, Clyde Barrow.
Hey.  How come I'm always called the "Un-identified sus-spect?"
What you writin' this time?
You just listen to your Pa fer once! Cain't you do that?  I'm yore Daddy, I'm your kin, not Clyde.
He is here. Davy Jones never once gave up that what he's took.
And salty wenches.
She is a barathrum!
You are a cruel man, Jack Sparrow. Self-serving and dishonest.
We're beggars and blighters, ne'erdo-well cads ...
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho ...Great, Hobie.
Ah don’t git it.
Who was in the picture? Hobie thinks. Whitey.
Young man, you don’t follow for a very simple reason: these man are screwballs.
How ya doing, Hobie.
Yeah yeah, they were both louses, yes, and that’s what I’m sayin’. A third louse ain’t gonnna do me no good.
So you strap on the fish-ass and marry Ärne Seslum!
Dierdre, yes. So at her importuning, you join her on the couch, and conversation ensues. Hobie is concerned.
——just as I call you Hobie. So, “Would that it’were so simple.” Trippingly.
Hobie Doyle cannot act!
Mr. Cuddahy.
Course they’re kooks, it’s all makebelieve!
Sorry, Cuddahy, work emergency. Still do work there, for the day anyway.
Hobie Doyle.
Oh, I guess it’s goin’ purt good, that Mr. Lau——er, Laurentz, he’s an awful good man he’s helpin me get through it, I give him all the credit in the world, me the new hand in the bunkhouse, they got me talkin; a lot which takes a little gettin’ use to, talkin’ with the camera lookin’ at me but heck I enjoy.
Usually on a picture I just say “Whitey!” Or “Whoa, there,” but this-here it’s talkin’ an’t’s people listenin’, threw me little at first but I think I got my leg up onner now. Eddie has closed the case again and does the clasps. He assesses its shape as he talks to Hobie:
Hang on, Hobie.
And you got no idea who’s mixed up in this thang? Eddie gives a wagging headshake.
Well, I don’t know if that’s fair, fellas! The whole set-up only works if I play along, right, if I don’t let on I know who kidnapped me?
Aw no it ain’t nothin’. Thanks an awful bunch for goin’ to this picture with me, I don’t know if you like livestock but I think it’s got moments I really do. You look var purty.
Howziss. Wuddya hink.
Watchis now... Gittin’ away... He ropes a salt cellar.
How’d you get into pictures, Hobie?
Got roped into it! Aw, I’m just kiddin ya, I wrangled fer a while and then they saw I could say a line’r two’n I was Bad Clem or Deppity Number Two or the guy’s buddy fer a coupla years’n then some’n heard me sing’n they made me the guy.
Well now, this is interesting. Hobie’s look turns up: Thessaly Thacker stands at his booth.
Aw heck yeah, we——we just caught my picture, “Lazy Ol' Moon,” ‘n I guess we’re——
You’re damn right you won’t. Not as long as I run this dump. Baird nods, whimpering, as he retreats to the door.
Sorry, suh ... but I think dey's some feller follo'ing us. BOND turns slightly and squints back through rear window.
Extraordinary thing, old Strangways just vanishing like that.
(slow head shake} Far's I know, ain't nuthin happened to him.
..... unless you know's differnt, cap'n.
Sorry cap'n. She's not for hire. BOND
Nuthin else but, Quarrel
And that's Pus-Feller. He owns this place.
Cap'n Strangways and me, we just slipped in at night ... he take some samples and we come straight back again ... don' do for a man tc hang about there .•.
Li' 1 gal ...• Ah does .•• Ah tell you, Mis' Bond .. Le's get the hell outa here ..•
It may be that none of these chicken-shits will talk while the whole troop is present...but I know some of these men well. I'm sure that a few private conversations will tell me what I already know. You may have earned yourself some time in the Stalag, Tyler.
That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course.
Oh, bullshit, Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick.
Doc Logan! Doc Logan! Dere's a lady dead out dere! Gotta hurry! Gotta hurry! Dunno how long she been dat way! Maybe she gettin' ready to come back.
We better just hide the whole pack, darlin'. That stuff is just shoutin' out that it come from the mainland. The shit we get is all C.D. rations. Aspirins and crackers from 1958.
Where the hell have you been?
Now I think Captain's punishment is fair, considerin'. In fact I think you ain't got shit ta complain about.
Oh, Lordy, Lordy...I'm drunk as a skunk. Look at this...will ya jus' loooooook at these lovelies! Say, Henried, you ever try it with another woman?
Not as bad as yours, pal.
Yessir. I never open 'em. Nossir. I keep 'em innaback for you.
Toby's right. They're not gonna sit around with their fingers up their asses while we bust up their toys.
Oh, me. You ain't gonna b'lieve dis, neider. You ain't, I sweah. They put it inta Spidah's body.
No. There's some loonies from outside. They're gonna try to blow the powder magazine.
Well, these are slum kids, I was a slum kid, everybody talks like that.
Virginia, when you're in this car, you're not my wife, you're my deputy.
You...you dirty bird. She can't be dead. Misery Chastain cannot be dead! How could you?
Hi, Punkin.
Are you kidding? Every time that fella writes a book, she makes me set aside the first copy.
She just hates anybody who isn't afraid of her.
She's right here fella.
That horrible woman!
With your penis.
How come you're so sure he's…gay?
She's a dyke.
Dad. Do you know how many inches your penis is?
Are you lesbian?
It is alright if you are lesbian. I like lesbians.
You hate women.
Then fuck what your father said, cause I'm gonna tell you right now... You'll know what it's all about, why you got married and why you love her when you wake up at three in the morning, and the streetlight's coming through the window and it's just catching a corner of her face, like a sleeping angel. And her hair smells sweet and she's your's. She's all your's. Do you see where I'm going here?
You're goddamn right. Adam?
Watch the tone fella.
What do you mean? It's it's a goddamn Mini-Mart?!
Shut up Boyd.
Well, I'm in the middle of my goddamn toast here.
You got some mighty fucking fine bad timing Adam. We got a rehearsal situation here.
Shut up Michael.
Adam was with a prostitute in Las Vegas.
The prostitute.
You're sick.
I'm a lifesaver. A lighthouse. Up all night in the rain, in stormy gale force wind, tornado and fucking earthquakes. I stay lit for you. I stay lit. I don't go dark. I never go dark!
Malzeltov. You never listen to me.
What you want with Leroy, man?
You're gonna be late to work, fella. Chuy stands there for a beat, then realizes there's nothing to be gained by taking a stand here.
Oon't go out there, girl, you crazy?
Sure beats hell out of slavin' in the orchards.
Cnarming child.
I don't like to bust my ass. 293
All right, let's get your asses in gear. There's a lot to do, and no time to do it in.
No, Yoda; yeah, you.
Oh, you're the new stud, are you. Or is it dud?
Damnit, don't touch other people's things.
I'm not gay.
Hopsfield in his pajamas.
Cut the crap, Kent, you've built a weapon.
REDNECK #2
HIBBERT
So I took me a French Leave one night. Figgered I'd march myself to the nearest Union post and sj-t out the war in a prj-son cell_.
The Yankee C.O. did me the favor of thanking me for my asslstance,
CONTTNUED:
Get out of the truck, man! you nuts?
some shit off a table. And while I was straightening it up, I found this pressed between some magazines. All of which, I might add, were addressed to Walter. ART
Sorry. D'Arcy's is a shit store anyway. 249
Get Ray outta there, I'll try to stall 'em! And he tears ass into the street, waving his arms.
Fuckin' A. That Ricky sure knows how to throw a party. And various pieces of house settle to earth. 293
Look, after my first date with Neil, I called him. There are no rules anymore. Why should you have to wait for him to get off his ass?
Well, I sound like a jackass if I say you're all four. But you're so obviously all four. Especially sexy.
We're in love, you assholes. That's what people do when they're in love - they get married.
Alex - this is jacked. The hostess is giving me shit for not wearing a white shirt -- this shirt is WHITE!
This shit is white.
No.   By being more gay friendly.
Or, in real estate terms, by becoming "gay adjacent".
I think you're gonna have to beat 'em away with a stick - you hot, sexy man.
Back at you sister.
Bethie, your cousin Jay has always been a jackass.
Honestly - we may not have the best insight. Gay signals have nothing to do with straight signals.
But listen - I can tell you this. Gay or straight, you're not going to get anywhere by being inactive. She clearly likes you - maybe she just wants you to be a man and do something. So the next time you're in the position - don't take no for an answer.
YES!!    Suck it!
Dancing.    Get your asses up here.
You’re a goddamn rock star.
You two sons of bitches are going to college! Yes!
Forget college. We’re exactly the shit-kicking badasses we wanted to be when we graduated the academy. What else do we need?
I’m just saying we care just as much as if she was white.
Her ass has an adjective.
Nobody thinks they’re racist.
I know it felt pretty goddamn amazing to play football again.
These shorts are bad ass. You want gum, condoms, thumb tacks? You want it, I’ve got it.
I heard fraternity pledges have to like, fuck sheep and stuff.
You do have herpes.
Le Big Mac! We know! Everybody fucking knows.
The Zeta guys are assholes.
It’s a dildo.
G’day miss, Annie Dundee. I moit’ve merried a Scot but oy’m one hundred percent Australian I am.
Why, because he’s woit?
He’s a distributor. The supplier must be taking the drug off campus. Whoever it is, they're about to walk through that door. We're about to solve this shit. Jenko’s phone gets a loud TEXT from Zook - Where are you?
The gay boys are fighting.
You passed it the first time. I failed the physical six times. I didn't pass until you showed up and helped me. Jenk, you said it yourself, we’re exactly the shitkicking badasses we wanted to be. You’re gonna throw that away to play football?
Duh, WhyPhy’s the shit. It makes us so focused.
And then makes us so disco.
These guys are idiots.
I know for a fact that piece of shit honestly loves you.
We'll miss you, you cruds.
That's enough, Sefton. Crawl back into your sack.
Go on, Sefton -- butt out!
Put me down for ten, you louse.
No butts.
Filthy Krauts!
Lay off, Schulz. He's got a sickness. He's krank.
I just want to know what makes those Krauts so smart.
Get a load of that blonde one! Built like a brick Kremlin!
Lay off! The blonde is mine!
You stink, Sefton!
You Americans! You are the craziest people! That's why I like you! I wish I could invite you all to my house for a nice German Christmas!
Hey, Sefton -- what's snarling up the traffic? By the time we get to look they'll be old hags!
Those crazy jerks! They won't get away with it! The Krauts will shoot them!
The Krauts have a way of getting information.
Schulz, you're off your nut!
That Schulz pig. I'll get him yet.
Come on, you little stooge. Hand over them keys.
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
Shut up, he said.
I'm going to marry her, Jack. Jack looks at him.
Cops got better things to do than get killed.
••• then anybody that showed up was gonna join Lem Lee in The Hell of Being Cut to Pieces.
The Chinese have a lotta hells.
She can't get enqugh of me.
I've been trying to get somebody, anybodv, from the press to listen to me about this, Burton.
I am a ..• reasonable fella.
Policy? Com'on, man, all this violence in Chinatown, all these damn gangs blowing each other away ••• and this lady wants to write a story about the good Chinese, the honest Chinese, guys like you and me that work in places we're proud of. Give 'em a tour, what's it gonna hurt?
No horse shit, Wang.
Let's get him on bvoass.
Let's get him on bvoass.
Proximal and sistal anastarnosis in less than two minutes. You're one hell o-1: a surgeon, Jack •
She's got a wan here with nc insurance.
Hey now, relax there little fella. You wanna get me in trouble for corrupting a minor?
·You son of a gun.
You're drunk!
Well, I don't want to fight you! Look at you. _You're huge! You're a neanderthal!
Jeremiah was a bullfrog. ~as a qood friend qf ~ine. I never understood a sin~le word he said But I helpea him crin:Jc'. his ~-1 ine. A.nd he alwavs hac1 some nicrhtv fine wine.
me practice at home. Somebodv give Me a hand with the old geezer, will vou.
I thought it was just a fling, a midlife fling-thing, but now according to the text I got 20 minutes ago he’s marrying her. My son’s stepmom is gonna be named Sinnamon.
Aw shut up.
Look, I know it must seem weird that two buffoons like us would be giving advice to you badasses, who put your lives on the line every day to protect us.
I’m not just a civilian. I’m a nerd. He looks at Ludlow and makes a decision.
Then I want a full pardon. I want to get out of here for good. And after I do I want to pay no more taxes like forever. Like if technology improves and I live forever I want to pay no taxes, for-ev-er! Not even sales tax, if I buy some for instance gum, I want a card that says I saved the world and I don’t have to pay no shitballs taxes on gum. I want one of those Stealth Attack Helicopters that they fly over the Super Bowl-- at my disposal at all times to fly my white ass around. If the world is still here I don’t want to have to deal with traffic anymore. And lastly I want you to set up a rendezvous with me, Taylor Swift and Jamie Lee Curtis in the Lincoln Bedroom.
He’s no day at the beach. But I think a lot of this is just a front. We’re giving him the chance to be a hero. Even assholes like him want to be a hero.
Pac Man? That little yellow rascal’s got you this worked up?
At least you’re not Blinky. How can you be a badass driving Blinky?
So what’s this Sinnamon look like?
Whatever.
Please, Jim, cut the hard-to-get shit.  I've got the afternoon free, I'll take your silly tests.
David, you suck.
David, where the hell are you, we were supposed to meet at the club--
Uh-oh.  Time to piss...
Don' worry, mon, it's a world a shit.
Go home, you're fired.
Jesus, David, you scared the shit out of me--
Look.  That's crazy.  Yes, it's a pain in the ass, but why would they keep playing once you paid them?
You're hurting me!
Whatever.
I look like a slob, let me change.
Holy shit!!
C'mon chill, what'd they take you for, a couple hundred G's?  Chump change for a guy like you, chalk it up to experience.
Never drink it.  Makes my tits hurt.
Well... I always told myself I wasn't gonna end up like him.  And now here I am, running his corporation, living in his house, hiding in the cabin where he went to hide right before he... I even look like the bastard.
End of the line, man.
No harm, no foul. But you want to watch out for that road. Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night.
Oh, shit! Rachel!
Poor Missy. God, I was sorry to hear. I remember when she was no older'n Ellen there, walking down to the store with her Raggedy Anne doll draggin' behind her in the dust. I don't know why God takes someone like her, who should have a bunch of years still in front of them, and lets an old shit like me just go on and on.
Oh holy Jesus lookit that.
I seen you! I seen you, Jud Crandall!
Don't talk like an asshole even if you are just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard.
What you buy is what you own, and sooner or later what you own comes home to you. Wasn't that what you said, Jud? Wasn't that pretty much it?What do you want, man?
Why don't these losers ever live on the ground floor?
You're under arrest. Both Punks look at him as if he were certifiably crazy. does Snake.
MARYANN
Where'd you take the guns? The punk points down the corridor. They shove him into a narrow locker on the bulkhead, closing it securely. Ray whispers through the vent.
The owner of this slum wouldn't like all his tenants being deported. OLD LADY
You got any Tums?
Throw mg .your pants!
That sonofabitch ••• No.
Hey, I just got my ass chewed by Logan. What gives? .J
Marry Christmas, girls. Don’t you look cute in your matching jackets! Holy shit, Jordan and Stevie are actually girls.
trudges inside looking for something else to bitch about. Sarah forces another smile and a stiff hug.
Yeah well, your sister’s no Mother Teresa but at least she swings by once in a while to make sure I’m not dead. Now where’s your nog? I wanna get merry.
CHRISSY! Dammit Jordan, I told you to bring her inside!
Or, maybe it makes us work a little harder to find what we do have in common, you know? Put everything aside and think of other people for a change. Friends, family, even the assholes you normally can’t stand.
Man, how come rich people get all the free shit?
I’ve hunted a lot of game in my day, Tom. Those are goddamn HOOVES. Big ones too. Maybe an elk or a goat.
Hey... uh, Tom? I, uh, wanted to say thanks. For, you know, savin’ my ass back there.
Could’ve been a gas line. Some poor bastard trying to turn his heat back on.
You know Linda might be a ripe pain in the ass sometimes, but she has a way with little ones that I’ll never understand. Tom looks at Sarah, more in love with her than ever.
No doubt cousins of the one that took Howie, THE GINGERBREADS try to aim the nail gun while bickering and slapping each other like the little assholes they are. Howard blinks. Momentarily stunned to say the least.
Yeah but the first class is bullshit.
If you boiled life down to it’s essentials that’s probably all it would look like too. It’s just a bunch of disruptive gestures and violence and explosions...and dicks and liquids flying around in a void. Everything else is superfluous window dressing.
Not really, you just think there is. But if you really want to represent what’s important, what’s constant, there it is in front of you in one immediate experience. If I asked you to make a picture of what’s important in life you’d probably show me an iPhone photo of your fucking Xbox.
What does a pimp wear?
You aren’t that short. Like you aren’t a midgit.
Dude that girl is a ten. A ten.
Mo, you are a god damn legend.
Just some pimp I know, let me borrow his robe, no biggie.
She’s the best cook in the god damn world. What’d you expect?
You forgot virgin.
Alright this is what you do. Give her a lot of attention. Call her just to say hi and bullshit. Just lay it on real thick.
No, it’s great advice, and it will definitely work. But I am just saying you use these tricks because you are a dick. Maybe Mo can just be himself and girls will like him because he’s such a great guy.
Mo. My man.
I mean, you know these dudes have cash. I am sure you would be well taken care of.
Dude I have been telling everybody at work about you.
They always give me shit that my girlfriend’s ex knows more about art than I do, but I love it. I think you have to come work with us as a consultant.
Look at you two with that same old
God your sister is so hot.
Being an asshole.
I love you. I fucking love you. Oh by the way you think you could bring some ecstasy.
Let’s go on a real date. None of this dress up bullshit. Let’s go out for real.
Listen Isaac, I like you. And that Eddie Haskel shit works wonders on Sherri but not me. I work in advertising... so...
Oh yeah, that’s totally me. Mister bad ass. They kiss. INT./EXT. PARTY - FRONT DOOR - SAME TIME Three cops burst through the front door. Forty Santas and slutty elves scream and run in every direction.
I’m freezing my balls off.
You have a girlfriend. You are getting laid regularly.
Go fuck yourself.GODDAMMIT!Well, the soldiers we've got now, they've been through all kinds of heavy shit...and they've always got the job done.  Now these new ones, these "hot shots" of yours...what kind of action have they seen?  They are battle-tested, aren't they?
Old news!  They're nothing at all! Wait until you get these new fellas into some real action.  I guarantee you'll be awed.  I guarantee it.
Jimmy Pig, you're not going to shoot anything, are you?
Suit up, fellas.  Time to go build another play house.
Yeah?  What flavor pain in the ass? Gravity pain in the ass?  Atmosphere pain in the ass?
I think you're trying to say a "wind pain in the ass."
No shit!  We're gonna set up a monitor on a garbage dump!  So we can monitor garbage rusting?
My daddy always said, "When you want to insert a nail in a piece of wood, you don't do nothing fancy or glamorous, you don't finesse or play the hero, you just pick up your damn hammer and hit that sumbitch till it's in."
Double belts, double ammo, double everything!  You've got to be heavy there or you'll blow away, fellas...and we wouldn't want that, would we?
You!
...I need a report, Captain.  It's not just my ass, it's yours too! You've got to stand by me on this. I want you to come in right now... right now!  Do you understand me? Right now!
Well then, I guess you fellas are all right.  I guess I misjudged you some.  Where I said you were "a buncha no good killer robots," I mighta just overspoke myself.  As of now, till it goes otherwise, you got my sincere approval and support.I’m Higgam. MAGGIE:
He thinks they’re louzy.
I’m Higgam.
Yeah, I just remembered. You aren’t French, though -- you’re Polak extraction.
The one that decides if you’re American.
That’s a run-out; but I know the rest. Mr. Hannaford’s father went into the movies -HIGGAM “Mayfair Max -- “
No, but he is -- And take it from me, fellas, he hates being interviewed. That’s what’s making this whole thing today so delightful... Zarah’s idea -HIGGAM
They sure n’hell go.
to be tossed out on his ear. It seems that the law won’t allow the SOUNDMAN to ride on the trunk of the car, so room has to be made for him on a seat. As things work out, it’s not HIGGAM but PISTER who is ejected, tape recorded and all... INTERCUT: REVERSE ANGLE
You don’t have to bend over to smell a hippie. He’s like a polecat; he meets you more than half way.
PISTER
Fiona’s even got old Otto what’shis-name on the camera.
You got the wrong man, fellas; how about Jack Simon here?
... Screen Director’s Guild waiting around on their tired old asses for the phone to ring. His ass is tired too, but he don’t sit on it. Jake gets out and hustles.
Sure; they got it all on film, y’know,... I was there; Jake went right on cranking: the whole thing -where he marches straight out of the studio bare-assed... Again, no comment from
The truth is, as a macho he ain’t all that much. He just likes be with ‘em. That chest ain’t near as hairy as he’d like you to think. Your guy’s a big, pink lobster -- nothing’s really tough except the shell.
PISTER
PISTER
Yes...I suppose all school teachers are prigs.
HIGGAM
Well, if Bascalucci doesn’t surrender now --
Aw, just some screwy old squatters out there in the back-lot of a studio -DELLA But what’s he doing in the story -- ?
They don’t grow old -- it’s just something they stumble over and fall into. And they all seem so... surprised. Poor sods -- they look at you as though there was something you could do about it...
You're hurting me. Stop.
Dammit Shermin. Earlier you were asking for help. What's changed?
Get out of my way.
I'm not being unpatriotic, and I'm doing my damndest to catch them. Bell's up on 80 and I'm down here on 70 past Grand Junction. They're heading west. If they're not flying we have a damn good chance of getting them. All I'm asking is that you people think about it.
You just do your job, Shermin. We'll make the policy.
They're damned expensive and a pain in the ass sometimes, but I wouldn't trade having them for anything.
End it, Shermin.
I love it when you talk dirty Petey sweetie, I can feel myself engorging. This scotch is good. I looked it up, ‘App-ed’ it, fifteen hundred quid, didn’t even know you could spend that on a bottle of scotch. I could get used to this.
‘Fields of Gold’, ‘Englishman in New York’, all the hits... Wasted on the kids of course, they didn’t know who the fuck he was. Ooo I like an Englishman, you know I like this country. I like the culture, I can see why you stayed. I feel it’s wasted on the Brits. Do you know forty percent of the world’s significant inventions came from this small, damp island?
You’re a cunning little toad Fletcher, coming up with an idea like this.
That’s no reason to go for a fella.
The problem with land in this country is there isn’t a lot of it, there’s public access, even when it’s supposed to be private. And the public have rights: dog walkers, foot paths, right to roam, twitchers, badger lovers, bimblers, ramblers and any other busy fucker who’s got nothing better to do than sniff around the green tweed of England. They’ve all got groups, forums, meetings, social media, and they love a chat and a hiss about anybody that decides to mow his lawn without a license. You’ve got helicopters, drones, and Google Earth, Parish Councils, Heritage sites, the beat goes on.
yourself up dear.
I like his moniker, ‘Power’, singer as well wasn’t he? Teeny, sorta punk-funk-fuck-pop.
Only thing you’ll wet is ya pants, now back two steps. A blade comes out from Kid 1. The coach slaps it away quick as you like SPANG! It disappears over the counter.
Listen to me now Benny, walk away.
These London clubs are really something you know Michael. Don’t get anything like this back home, gone all casual, sneakers and shorts. Tech billionaires from the West coast. Good round an algorithm, but clumsy fuckin’ monkeys when it comes to a look. Got to have a jacket and tie here though, keeping up Old World standards.
I’m sorry Boss but right now we’re in the business of trying to sell your business, and you’ve got me doing favours for your posh mates, saving junkies and cleaning up bodies. I feel we’re losing focus.
Mickey. Bit nippy in here today.
The metaphorical fisherman didn’t go on the journey Michael. He didn’t play the game, he didn’t get layered, complicated, experienced, tested, kicked about, knocked down, then pick himself up again. He didn’t win, he didn’t lose, coz he didn’t have the balls to play in the first place, he took the path of least resistance. The fisherman remains on the sidelines, spectating and judging, living vicariously through people like you, reading the news instead of being the news. You’re a superstar, that’s why I married you and didn’t marry a fuckin’ fisherman. Beat, while Mickey considers this deluge. He leans in and kisses her.
But I’m not black Petey.
Excuse me, they came on to my lawn. And somebody’s gotta, as hard as you working ‘em.
Get off my property.
Think you riling me up with them little nurse shoes on. You know I love these little nurse shoes.
Hope they don’t steal our balls again.
We got us a van full of balls. And you don’t need to be worrying about what other folks is doing anyway. You need to worry about what you doing. We out here getting great. That’s what we need to be worried about. You understand that?
Go and get all the balls up -The girls hop to it as Richard watches Roc chat up Tunde.
I’ll talk to whoever I want homie.
Yo, Roc, come on. ass alone.
What’s up homie. You got something you wanna say?
Roc, yo. Let’s roll. That chump Chauncey’s at Swap. We bounce now, we can smoke him. Leave this old dude alone. But Roc doesn’t budge.
Elliott Gould if he had thighs like cannons and a forehand that could put you on your ass.
You just focus right here. You wanna be the best? You can do it. You’re a killing machine. You’re a goddamn attack dog, so bite!
Richard, you can’t leave those girls like that.
No, ‘cause you’re foolin’ with me and I’m not foolin’ so go. Ok.
You can be whoever the hell you want.
... Sittin’ at the country club with your legs crossed, eatin’ a burger on a tab, like you’re Queen of Sheba. Never take anything from anybody for free. Everything in this place got hooks in it.
Don’t touch us, panty man!
Hey hey hey! Slow down haircut. Hell you think you’re going? Macci turns.
Uh yeah yeah, white boy’s with us.
Yeah. That’s right. I fixed that toss you messed up. I’ve been here dreaming and believing the whole time, just like you. You just don’t want to see me. Whatchu want?
When I was a little boy, I grew up in Shreveport. One day my father took me to town. He gave me this money to pay this white man for something. Back in them days, black folks wasn’t allowed to touch white peoples. So I went to give the man this money and I accidentally touched his hand and he start beating on me. He knocked me down. His friends come over, they all start stomping on me, beating on me. And I look up and see my father in the crowd, and he took off running. Left me there with these grown men beating on me.
Nice to see you again, Bud. You still got them pretty pants on. Told you so. It takes a minute after Richard’s gone for Bud to remember. Holy shit. That was him. Off Bud’s shock. You know him?
Yeah. She said, “ain’t I a woman!”
...but the truth is I was really fucking good at art - well, depends on your definition of art - I was really fucking good at drawing. We see a series of shots of Spencer finishing then sabotaging, painting over, kicking, punching, stabbing various brilliant but rather cheesy portraits and landscapes.
‘scuse me fellas He goes into the kitchen passing his wife without looking at her, she turns to follow him.
Love this track - did you see the video? Fucking hilarious.
Love this track - did you see the video? Fucking hilarious.
What about ending up on a fucking boat in the Caribbean like at the end of Shawshank Redemption?
We’re heading up to Four Points for the weekend - Matt’s dad has lent him the condo and there’s been a shit-ton of snow.
We don’t know this guy for shit and whether he’s even coming alone. If you hang back then if something weird happens you can do something.
Listen man I want to put all the nonsense behind us. Get back on track - it’s fucking ridiculous - seriously, we’re like brothers you and me. You have to know I never took that money.
Fuck, that’s harsh - I’m sorry to hear that, your Dad’s pretty much the coolest out of everyone’s I know.
What I’m going to tell you could be lifechanging and I need to know if you’re in or you’re out - this is not some frat shit - it will make that shit look like child’s play. It may have serious consequences.
That’s as maybe but it’s no excuse. A man has to be responsible for his actions Warren and those actions have consequences. Warren ‘s POV past the Dean to the faces grinning down at him - so content in their shit-eating picture-perfect lives.
EXT. STRIP MALL PARKING LOT - DAY Chas manages to get the licence plate off and jumps back in the car and gets the hell out of there.
Oh fuck. It looks bizarre but transformative. He reaches for a grey moustache and some glue.
Slow down man you’re going to kill us all.
Dude, what’s in your bag? Eric realises he’s still got the hold-all on his back - he takes it off, opens it and pulls out On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin. Shit.
Chas you’re the one who’s worked at an auctioneers - you know more about this shit than any of us.
If you go in there Warren you better have an answer for everything - I’m not kidding. You slip up and we’re all fucked. You stick to the backstory don’t give any other personal information away, you understand? Anything that doesn’t smell right, grab the books and get the hell out of there. Are you listening?
‘sup this is Spence. Drop it like it’s hot.
Food, moron.
Stop you?  You are Frenchmen, are you not?  I am one of you.
Get out of my way.
Jesus of Nazareth found the holy among the profane.  If we are to have a place of private prayer, where better than here, beside the channels where the shit and the garbage run to the river?
Tonight!  Right now!  We steal a man from a royal prison, we hide in a country chateau among an assortment of saints and sluts such as only you could provide, and still you wish to tell me nothing?!
Did she have tits like that?
What do you want?  White?  Black? Both?
Shut up, knave!
Get out of my way.
Mauser •.. you"re the most incredible ass-kisser I've ever seen. MAUSER
Hey, you're lucky. Ho likes you.
Mahoney, that was the most amazing line of bullshit I ever heard.
l hope this isn't going to bo too personal, sir. I heard what you said about my ass.,. and I don't know how to break this to you, but I'm straight. Very funny.
This here's Jughead. see Zed.
Drop the gun. ZED
In thzee more seconds, you got no brains.
runs up and subdues Zed. self off.He resets his head, Micky throws again, Dicky mimes going down, then gets up immediately.
Five o'clock. Micky waves his hands like Dicky's done. Dicky throws another play punch and Micky hams up going down, getting knocked out, feet flying up in the air.
The Pride a Lowell is back! He pulls Micky up INTO A BROTHERLY ARM BUMP/HUG HANDS CLASPED. Micky smacks the back of Dicky's head as Dicky raises Micky's arm in the air like a champ.
their heads, smiling, following. "Don't Bring Me Down" continues... Everybody shouting out Dicky's name, "Dicky!" "Dicky!" "Dicky!" Some calling "Micky!" "Micky!" "Micky!"
33, wasted; and They are like a bleached blond, cigarette smoking Greek chorus that trails Alice everywhere. PAN FROM ONE TWO the next as Dicky introduces them, seeing each distinctive, hardened face.
Dicky grabs and pulls her onto the crowded little dance floor.. .Dicky and Alice dance. Micky and the sisters join in.
I'm sorry, Dicky.
He takes the guy's drinks, kisses smiling Micky on the cheek. Charlene stares.
That's my big brothah. Taught me everything i know. HBO's doin' a movie about 'im.
Black. And Jewish.
The girls. They all crack up.
What's he doin'? Where's Dicky?
Outta the ring, O'Keefe, you can't do what my Dicky does!
Oh, Micky. Micky's a clown. Dicky went to the store for me.
Jesus, I come by to help! I gotta go back to work anyhow, it ain't fair to Micky. He needs to be trainin'. He's not bein' handled right.
That's the Golden Gloves, before that the Silvah Mittens, Micky did that too. Micky used to follow his big brothah everywhere, Dicky taught ya everything, right, honey?
And Dicky was just a kid from Lowell.
Dicky was undefeated!
Dicky had never been knocked down in his professional career, neither had Sugar Ray. They were both 21- yeahs-old.
It was Dicky's first ten roundah.
I stahted the ovahhand right in the 8th. Slippin' his left, settin' him up for the knockdown in the 9th.
It's 11:45, Dick.
Dicky starts running down the street ...BooBoo shakes his head, "roadwork?"...Wolfie staring after Dicky in shock.
Quackah! Look who decided to show up, Dicky Donuts.
Ahh! Dicky! Quackah!
No goo for you, Deeckie! Micky cracks up. Ray Ramalho, cerebral palsey limps up to Dicky, high-fives him.
Put ya hands like this, turn that punch. Turn it. Ya ready for the camrahs? Micky's stands waiting, watching Dicky putting on a show. It's always the Dicky show.
Micky, how do ya make a girl sound just like a porpoise?
Oooh, Alice, he's mad now, look at him. Ya hit one those guys like ya wanna hit me right now maybe ya woulda won one of them fights!
Micky, mad, throws a fast combination back but Dicky leans on the ropes and SLIPS IT ALL, clinches Micky, smiles at camera, pops his hips forward.
My Dicky can do anything! Micky looks over annoyed.
Dicky taught him that!
.Micky, Alice, George, Pork, Sherry, and Red Rog standing around the limousine. All dressed nice for their travel. They exchange looks. George shakes his head and mutters something to himself. No sign of fucking Dicky.
- thanks, Mick, but Dicky taught me everything, he's been in my cornah, ya know. I can't do it without 'im.
I'm not here! Bonnie laughs as Dicky rushes for an open window in the back of the kitchen, 2nd floor of the crack house. Dicky climbs out the window and jumps...
This is what you do to ya brothah the day we travel? George pulls Dicky off the fence, swings at him with a big punch; Dicky slips the punch and nails George in the eye with an overhand right, George goes down. Micky rolls his eyes.
No. No BooBoo. BooBoo looks to Dicky who rolls his eyes; BooBoo leaves. Micky stares in disbelief.
The guy just got off the couch today, it's an easy win for Micky. Dicky and Alice nod, Micky unsure.
Look at me, Mick, don't look away.
Come on, Dick, I tripped.
Oh don't say that now. I know I look like shit, but,-- I went 10 rounds with you, Ray, I knocked you down. C'mon, lemme buy you guys a drink.
Thanks, Dick, but we have to get going, I have a plane to catch.
OK, Dick, you let me know. What's the movie about?
My comeback. Sugar Ray just nods at Dicky, sees Alice walking up to them.
Stay heah, Dick, stay heah, don't go ovah thayh.
He wants to train me in Vegas. Alice and Dicky glance at each other, and study Micky.
Everyone walking away from the limo, suitcases in hand. Micky heading for his shitty car parked on the street, Dicky walking to Alice's house with his mother and father. Micky O'Keefe stands nearby at his car. Pork, Tar, Beaver, Sherry and Red Dog are also there.
What're you talkin' about? George walks over to his Micky sympathetically as Dicky grabs his brother by the shoulders.
Christ, Alice, he's been through the wringah -
They get out of the car.
What the hell we doin' in Richie Rich Lexington? You come to this theatah a lot?
Jesus, it used to be Dicky was the one we couldn't find, now it's both of 'em?
I think Micky's with that girl from the bah.
Alice, trailed by Dicky holding the white dog, walks back to her car from the crack house, trying not to cry. Dicky, behind her like a kid in trouble, looks like shit, up for days. She pauses at the car, crying. Dicky hugs her shoulders with one arm.
Oh yuh. That's good, Dick, I'm just, ya know, trying to figure out what's best for me-- Micky tilts his head, cat's got his tongue. They all look at him. Alice lights a cigarette, exhales, tense.
We're togethah.
- Ah you gonna let 'er talk like that to your muthah?
She don't mean no disrespect. I had a chance to get paid to train year round, that's all she's talkin' about. I think everyone can appreciate that. Dicky stares taking this in, wheels turning.
They all yell in Cambodian at Dicky who looks aggravated, still holding onto Quackah.
Oh, yeah, all the money I coulda made if we just fuckin' did it RIGHT, they threw me in too early. We didn't know, my mothah didn't know, Sugar Ray was too much, too soon. I needed to build slow. If I had Micky's discipline, with my talent, forget about it. My wife Debbie was the prettiest girl in Lowell, and my daughtah Kasie, I mean Kerry, I want Kerry to be proud a me. [Lights pipe]
-all the mistakes and the regrets of the past melt away, you feel so much lightah like when you were young and everything's in front of you. Then it fades and you gotta get high again. All three Dickys in the flashback - by the window, dancing, making out on couch -- flicker and vanish to the grating sound of aphone left off the hook. PULL OUT FROM Dicky's face in present
Get outta the cah put ya hands on the roof! The business man gets out, nervous, hands up, pants undone, puts his hands on the roof. All he sees are bright lights and Dicky's silhouette holding up a wallet like a badge. Still hear Quackah barking.
Don't turn around! Empty ya pockets! The guy empties his pockets onto the roof of the Volvo. BooBoo sits in Dicky's station wagon.
Dicky takes off running away...
Oh, yeah, Ma, it looks great. Dicky comin'?
It's OK, I know you been tryin' to live offa Micky for years.
I'm about to lose my what? And Dicky nails the bouncer in the gut, drops him to his knees, wind knocked out of him, then Dicky hooks his jaw... 6'4" guy dropping fast, hitting the sidewalk, sickening thud. COP CHASING HIM on foot runs up, Dicky PUNCHES HIM OUT. Busting open his nose, blood pouring. Dicky takes a swing at ANOTHER COP. More police cars pull up. Officers jump out and slam Dicky to the ground! Dicky screams, fighting back, kicking and punching the police arresting him...
Separate cells, don't let' em work up some bullshit defense story. Alice runs up to Dicky as he's put into one police car, Micky into another; she drops the lobby card which is trampled on 'til it's no longer visible.
Everybody's talkin' about the movie, Dicky, it sounds.
- My teef, my teef, Dicky, you knocked out my teef!
What kids, Dicky?
Dicky!? What're you doin' here?
Don't answah the door.
I wasn't talkin' to you, I was talkin' to my son. What're you doin' Micky?
You got a funny way a showin' it --
Take 'im to the body, Micky! Get inside. Switch stances like ya workin' his right, hit 'im on the left. Be careful, don't switch outside.
Come on Micky! Stop dickin' around!
Remember Alice told ya Mike Toma was usin' ya like a steppin stone for Sanchez and I said she was fulla shit? Turns out she was right. Toma said Sanchez had a title shot if he won tonight. Micky and Charlene look unsure as they take this i
Oh Dicky, thank Gahd, everythin's gonna be OK again.
Thank god you're out! Charlene and that LoNano charactah are robbin' 'im blind, Sal's sayin' ain't no money for spahhin' pahtnahs!
What are you talkin' about? You're Dicky Ecklund. You got nuthin' to apologize for.
-- Dicky Donuts lookit ya! They let ya keep the new teeth!
I had to. After everything that happened. I'm sorry. Dicky is hurt, stunned.
Micky, tears in his eyes, stares at Dicky a moment, nods, leaves the locker room.
Don't talk to my mother my mother like that.
Why don't you ask Micky if he woulda won Sanchez without Dicky? Ask him. They all look at Micky. He is torn up over this as he considers it before he speaks and they all watch, tense.
I wouldn'ta won Sanchez without Dicky.
Because it's true. I went in with our plan and it wasn't working, I switched to what I learned with Dicky. Micky looks at O'Keefe, who is hurt.
We saved him! Dickya junkbag!
I want Dicky back. And I want you, Charlene, and I want O'Keefe, and my family.
You sound like them now.
Can this be my fight, for once, Alice, huh, just once, maybe just this one time, not for Dicky? I know you think he's comin' back, he's 40 years old and doesn't have a tooth in his head that's his own--
Micky wants you, I want you.
We gotta do this for Micky, come on. You're my son, too, Dick. Come on.
Dicky's back! Hey, Dicky! Dicky limps toward them, slows down, looks at BooBoo, the house behind then continues to walk-then starts to run. Dicky running down the street...
We worked it out fah you. Ask her. It's all together. Micky looks up and sees Charlene standing in the door. She nods. He looks at Dicky.
Don't take unnecessary punishment, you're not a punchin' bag, don't let him abuse you! You hear me? We been waitin' our whole lives for this! It's all been leading up to right now, Micky! This is your time, Micky! I blew it, but you don't have to. Take all ya emotion and pain from me all we done and use it out there right now. Don't let 'em take it away from you, Micky! Do you hear me? Micky looks at his brother, nods, turns spits out blood and water. Dicky TAKES MICKY'S NECK IN HIS HANDS AS HE PUTS HISShut your mouth. You listen to me. That’s the second time you’ve been late and you’ve only been here three weeks, Mrs Miller.
Get off.
From when she was fourteen. She’d strap me on her back or under the copper vats if I’d sleep. All the women did it who had babies then.
She’s just the hod carrier.
We’re political prisoners. We have the right to wear our own clothes.
If you don’t mind my asking, how does a fella get into a field like this?
I’m going to get my badge and my gun and then I’m going back in there and haul those two nutcases to jail! She grabs him, turns him around.
Tony Lip. What the hell happened at the Copa? I heard you split a guy’s face open. Lip shrugs.
I ain’t lugging around no iron, Dee.
Yeah, I was stationed in Germany in the army. I can pick up a little of what you’re sayin’. Be careful, Krauts are all sneaks. Kennedy shoulda bombed ‘em when we had the chance--plus now them Cuban bastards. Shirley rolls his eyes.
You know, when I was in the army I knew a guy from Pittsburgh, but he called it Titsburgh because he said all the girls there have big tits.
No shit? Must of been naughty kids. CUT TO:
Sorry, fellas, duty calls! Lip joins Shirley at the car.
Then you better move your ass and start lookin’. Oleg and George exchange a glance. The Stage Manager puffs up.
Who you bullshittin’? You people love the fried chicken, the grits, the colored greens...I love it, too. The negro cooks used to make it when I was in the army.
‘Gives a shit?! Relax and enjoy it. My father always says, whatever you do, do it hundred percent. When you work, work, when you laugh, laugh, when you eat, eat like it’s your last meal. Shirley is clearly enjoying the chicken.
You come in here for a drink? Then you must be tired of livin’, boy.
What if he ain’t? Redneck #1 tries to read Lip’s face... impossible. Lip can stare down an army.
“So Betty bit a buttah...”
What the hell’s that got to do with writin’ letters?
‘Hell’s this guy doin’?
‘Hell kind of name is that? Italian.
Give the negra his goddamn call. Reluctantly, Patrolman #1 goes to the cell, unlocks it, walks Shirley to a side office. The cop picks up the phone, holds it out to Shirley.
Bobby Kennedy just saved our asses! Maddon...How great is that?!
You’re blacker than me?
Bullshit! I know exactly who I am. I’m the guy who’s lived on the same block in the same Bronx my entire life, with my mother and father and my brother, and now my wife and kids. That’s it--that’s who I am. I’m the asshole who’s gotta hustle every goddamn day to put food on my table. You? Mr. Big Shot? You travel around the world and live on top of a castle and do concerts for rich people! I live on the streets, you sit on a throne--so yeah, my world is way more blacker than yours! Pull over. What?
More like a broom closet. I don’t understand why he puts up with this shit. Oleg takes a sip of wine, glances at George.
Yeah. So how was he, the tootsune? He get on your nerves? Lip shoots him a look.Fagle!
Open it-let it breathe. Ten minutes. Letting it breathe, so impawtant.
LARRY, you're jesting!
You sly son of a bitch. How'd you do that? Dodge is careful, slow, as he picks up the shovel and holds it in front of him. He circles around the common area toward Cornelia's cage.
You're tearing me apart!
Mess that kid up?
So long, young fella.  Knock 'em dead, like your old man used to!
I'll bet you're a real yo yo.
With us old creeps?  Come on, we have to eat.
Hey, hey, Glamorpuss.  I'm sorry.
I'm just explaining what you mean! You can't be an idealist all your life!  Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out!
matter, man?  That's the craziest name in town!  It swings!
I'm here.  Shut up.
Man, you're schizoid!
You scam a car up there?
I love it when you talk dirty.
What the hell are you doing? Cleaning.
You’re lucky. Since I’ve been on the road my two primary food groups are Pop Tarts and potato chips. You should’ve seen what I looked like before the apocalypse. No ass whatsoever. Now? Now I have a donk.
Now see, I’ve got a problem with that. A man doesn’t just go and break into another man’s home, steal away his daughter and expect no pushback on the matter. No way. I’m gonna fuckin’ fight you on that one, Del. And I’m gonna win too. He peers over at Grace.
You asshole.Good morning. Thank you.   My sister's coming, too. Drew KNOWS SOME SKETCHY SHIT IS GOING DOWN buy she's only got this instant to consider. She glances at the STRANDED MOB descending on a lone approaching CAB, engulfing it.
having the craziest
not gay. JACK
My dad's assistant is gay!
my dick went.
the hell! MARTIN
it, Martin. Nobody sex with a pun.
Um, not to be a bitch, but why are we hanging out with Martin so much lately? SIMON
sleep-SIMON Abby! (beat, I'm gay.
But Martin sex!
Foooiinne.
Dear all dudes of Creekwood, with this missive,
gay.
such a nerd.
as Fagin)
like total asshole. It doesn't matter. Will you please say something? Simon
I can deal with you being gay.
Dick Wilkins, to be sure! Bless me, yes. There he is. He was very much attached to me, was Dick. Poor Dick! Dear, dear!
And big. MRS CRATCHIT
That's not fair! When I asked 'Is it an ass?', you should have answered 'yes'! Everybody roars even louder at this, except Scrooge, who is now completely humiliated. Fred picks up his glass of wine.
If he wanted to keep 'em after he was dead, a wicked old screw, why wasn't he natural in his lifetime? If he had been, he'd have had somebody to look after him when he was struck with Death, instead of lying gasping out his last there, alone by himself.Why Fox? Why didn't you buy... schmuck?
Jesus, can't make a buck in this market, country's going to hell faster than when that sonofabitch Roosevelt was around... too much cheap money sloshing around the world. The biggest mistake we ever made was letting Nixon get off the gold standard. Putney Drug--you boys might want to have a look at it.
...same, pain in the ass, god bless her, talks too much... gonna take her to Florida next month... west coast, near Tampa, like to get out for good, but can't afford it.
...this drug testing is driving my guys nuts. I got flagged for my blood pressure pills. The only good news is, we just met with the comptroller over some union stuff...'member that crash last summer? and the investigation? Well, the FAA is gonna rule it was a manufacturing flaw in the door latch mechanism. I kept telling 'em it wasn't maintenance, it was those goddamn greedy manufacturers out in Cincinnati. And I was right.
... check the arbs for MacDonald's. Yeah, I'm having a Mac attack. 20,000 shares. For about 30 minutes. Lunch? Are you joking -- lunch is for wimps. Get back to me...
Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits he thinks he was born with a better pot to piss in... bribed an old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right out from under me. Wildman the white knight.
On the way here today I saw a bumper sticker. It said, "Life is a bitch... then you die".
...just kickin' ass and taking names, Mr. Mannheim.
Mixed emotions, Buddy: like Larry Wildman going off a cliff in my new Maserati. Men as smart as myself have got their asses handed to them on a sling with the airlines, fuel could go up, unions are killers...
I'm talking to a stockbroker who wants to run an airline. It's gonna take me two years and 2000 headaches to turn Teldar Paper around, what do I need this dink airline for? I'm up to my ass in more nuts than a fruitcake.
...don't worry, he's got another 20 years in him. He's a tough ol' nut, your Dad...
He's gonna break up Bluestar.
You don't have to agree with me, Marv; but I think I've been a bit of a schmuck lately.
Look, you got me into this airline, and you damn well better get me out. Because if you don't the only job you're going to get on the Street is sweeping it! You hear me, Fox--
You sandbagged me on Bluestar.
Because I’m a fucking doctor. Jack blinks.
You’re sick.
What the hell is it, anyhow?
You have to get your sea legs. Hell I used to get sick all the time.
Leave me alone, Man.
I'm'll show you! We Doucets we're not scared of no damn storm.
Look at me! Look at me Hushpuppy! Watch me kick butt.
Peter T, my man! I knew you wasn't gonna leave me man!
Hell yeah, we gonna win.
I sell 'an to the white folks dcwntcwn.
Noth:!.:,.' • I got i.t under cact:ol. Jake grabs t:h• man's clothing and hmd.s i : to him. Th• trick is embar.c-assed, but af:ar seeing the towering Big Jake, he's glad. to· ge: out of there wi'th hi.s life •
CONTlNOED:
I talked to Fred Palmer, he's Cha emcee down at the lit Kat Club and ha said I got talent. He thinks I can really do something with myself, if I get outta here. FATHD.
FATHL'lt
I got a sick kid in the hosnital.
This is my insu:ance.
Nah. . You ain' t gor.na do me like that. Gino looks up, put:s his fork and s-poon dcwn, and wipes his mcut:h with the bib .
What:'ra you talkin' about:?
They do that all eh• time. tt's put of eh• business. Sometimes you get paid and. sometimes you doc't.
Schmucks.
Whaddya got, whaddya got?
The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans.
Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb--
I know, I did, but damnit Howard--
Whatever.
--this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein?
--well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?--
But the Committee's briefed us on you--so get the hell out of here--
Once when I was reporting, Lyndon Johnson's top guy gave me the word they were looking for a successor to J. Edgar Hoover. I wrote it and the day it appeared Johnson called a press conference and appointed Hoover head of the FBI for life... And when he was done, he turned to his top guy and the President said, "Call Ben Bradlee and tell him fuck you."
If he can't pick a winner at Pimlico, to hell with him.
--for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip--
Ken, I'm sorry, it was Goddamn Beirut and they were having a crisis, what's up, kid?
--because our cocks are on the chopping block and you've got to be sure that you're not just dealing with people who hate Richard Nixon and want to get him through us. You see, I don't give a shit who's President--I really don't, it's an adversary situation between them and us and it's always gonna be. I never had a closer friend than Jack Kennedy and once I printed something that pissed him off and for seven months I didn't exist.
--listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk--
I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question.
You should be, you've been under a lot of pressure. So go home, have a nice hot bath, rest up fifteen minutes if you want before you get your asses back in gear--
Why don't both of you shut up?
They call me Swede.
Like Larry or Swede.
Deirdre?  Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous.
That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow.  Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it.  Somebody's paying through the nose for this.
I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you!
You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like me.
I bought it for him -- all the stuff he was using, it was in his contract.  Cost a nice penny, too, especially that goddamned phone: Gregor had expensive tastes.
Gregor's a spook, or he was one until recently.  When he was a spy he lived the life -- you know, a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything.  Then the wall goes down.  No more Cold War.  And Gregor is out of a job.  No apartment, no special stores with Western food and video tapes.  I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up.  And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think...
As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf?  It's under your seat.
After you, asshole.
My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to know about.  I can't go to the local cops -- they'd never be able to get close enough at this point.  It's me or nobody, and I've been on this job too goddamned long not to finish.
American.
He's tough, your American friend.
Hey, man, they're both great movies.  One is more of a character study, the other is more of a straight action thing, but they're great movies, and he's an amazing fucking filmmaker.
Seamus Reilly, boy's a serious Irish Auteur -- a real firebrand.  Thinks his more moderate filmmaking brethren have turned to making movies for peace-loving pussies, if you see what I'm saying.
Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing.
Samurai pain in the ass.
Do it, for Christ's sake, do it so we can find that stinking Gregor, he's got the bloody package!  For God's sake, you're a soldier...
How about you?  I thought all you IRA types smoked.You can't rule the whole world, Agamemnon. It's too big. Even for you.
Odysseus? That old bastard drinks my wine and never pays.
Aloha my ass.
Hell yes I mind.
I just don't want no man handlin' me.
You're in the street, Joe. Get outa the street.
He was workin' a case on syndicate distribution of drugs on the south side. But every dealer we tagged kept getting killed. He finally got a lead on a girl -- Hudd was a friend of mine... I'm gonna nail the sonuvabitch who killed him.
Don't Humpty Dumpty on me.
Divinci, shit! It's quarter to six.
You scared the hell outa me.
The problem with people is, nobody gives a shit about makin' the world a better place. You and me, I don't care what anybody says, we made the world a better place. No matter what happens. There are ten less drug dealin' assholes on the street today because of us. They're not plea bargainin' their way back onto the street, they're not clogging up the courts, and they're not costing the tax payers a fuckin' penny because they're not in prison. They were garbage. And there's nothin' wrong with takin' out the garbage.
What the hell, Joe, at least you won't get run over.
Oh shit, Frank.
Just a second. Look around. Whatta we got here? Two stiffs on the street, shot to shit, three more inside. That's five chalk lines in one night in one deal in one neighborhood in one city. Let me fill you in on some statistics, we're not killin' everybody.
Life don't work in mysterious ways. There ain't no mystery to it. You just work it. And you don't take it too serious. You can't take it too serious otherwise you get fragile. And you can't be fragile and have any fuckin' fun.
You go to jail.
Before I leave, let me remind you that you have shit for a case. If you really care about seeing justice for your dead agent, don't blow this deal. Immunity for her testimony is a small price for a bad cop. It's the only way she's going to talk.
How’dja know?
Move ya stupid bird...
That was a very gutsy display, Dag, knocking out the bantamweight champ. You’re an impressive young hooooligan.
Whooo knows, the city’s nittyGritty might start lookin’ pretty... Whooo knows, he may discover He’s a fighter, not a lover.
Of all the gym-joints in all the world, you had to walk into mine.
Yer standin' in it. ALAN
The hell you did .. I've lived here all my life - know everybody - I've never seen your mug before. ALAN
Who are those two lads supposed to be?
You have an exceedingly dirty mouth. I like that in a hoor.
The Grand Inquisitor, hah? Go on ahead for yourself so. I’m sure he’ll be only too pleased to have someone else to bore the ears off. I stopped listening to his auld shite a long time ago.
Even if this new fella’s knocking her about?
The Hunkpapa Sioux!
My great-grandfather’s. Said he took it off one of the Cairo Gang when they shot them all on Bloody Sunday. The first Bloody Sunday, obviously.
Ah sure, what d’ya think happened? I arrested the bastard and fortyeight hours later I was packing my bags and making my way out West.
Like the man in the dicky bow says, Father, “Protect yourself at all times!”
‘Twas the perfect getaway, Father. They say charges are going to be filed against me, for various socalled irregularities, but sure the Guards are always threatening guff like that. They’d have to charge half the financiers in Ireland, and half the bank managers along with them, and troop into government then and charge those cunts as well, and we all know full well that’s not going to happen. No, there’ll be no punishment forthcoming for a man such as myself. There never is. Still, I do feel a modicum of guilt about the whole thing.
Freddie Joyce? He’s-GUARD I know who he is. What in the hell d’ya want to see him for?
There’s no capital punishment in Ireland, Freddie, as you well know. Why do you want them to hang you?
Maybe you’re right. Sure you’d know more than me. Don’t touch anything, now, I’ll have to get the forensic boys down, the supercilious pricks.
I’m not stopping. Meeting the fella.
Do you have to put up with that kind of shit on a regular basis? Through the window we can see VERONICA as she reappears and throws her arms around ASAMOAH. ASAMOAH looks blankly
Like in one of those shit plays at the Abbey?
Ah they’re always hanging around, the Romanians. Getting up to no good.
I got a lotta clients in this town, Fada. From the hoi polloi to the masses of society. I gotta keep my ass lubricated at all times.
You’re starting to sound a little screwy, now, Fada. Maybe ya need to see a headshrinker yerself-LAVELLE Do you need help? Are you okay?
Go on. I fucking dare ya. LAVELLE looks blankly at him. Adjusts his aim and fires -Into the ranks of spirits and the mirror behind the bar, shattering nearly everything -85
Yeah. I never got to finish Moby Dick.Fellas, what kind of a system is this ? Can you move these cars out of here ?
Yeah, well, you're lucky. Most of them shock the hell out of me.
He's not quite the bastard everybody says he is.
Hollister.
Edward, I think we got him. His nuts are on the block. We got him !
Thank you very much for saving my ass. Now Carlos can get off of it.
Those were very specific cases of crackheads.
Hey, hey ! Goddamn it !
You’re not other women.
Well... you got the nicest ass of any woman I’ve ever seen. Connie laughs. Mellors smiles, caressing her.
You're crazy, man!
You're insane!
Holy ground, lover. It's a bitch, ain't it? CUT TO: EXT - CEMETERY RIDGE - DAY Two figures dot the faraway ridge as the savage music of their swordplay PEALS out across the barren countryside.
I’m fine, but I need a simple favor. Can you grab Nicky from school? Sean’s in London, his mother broke her fucking hip, and I got a big fire to put out at work.
Knock yourself out.
To be you? To walk into a room and all of a sudden it’s like - in the middle of winter, you’re the fucking sun. Jesse swallows.
So you try telling him. The guy’s a creep. He won’t listen.
Right. Back to business. Your little friend’s a piece of work. Gonna have to replace the door and do a new spackle on the wall. Looking at... at least two-hundred. Fine.
You’re not one of those guys.
I’ve never been like you - I’ve never felt like I was Jesus.
Yeah, but you guys ain't got no taste.
Look. Becker forgot his good luck charm. Poor slob.
RASCAL
I know what you Yanks are like, always bragging about your women.
Are those size eight? How about leaving a little will saying when you get your ass shot off on your first mission, those nice shiny new pumps come to me? The Rookie turns pale and breaks away from Rascal. runs out the door. Rascal chuckles. Rascal... 20
Hey, wiseguys, cut the crap! I found it!
Shut up, Rascal!
Tell me, Virgin.
Is that all you think about, Rascal?
Gotta make up for you, Virgin. Take up the slack. Virge shoves him. Rascal goes for him. Rascal, Clay grabs Virge.
Butt out, Gene.
Fellas, think about this. My family has a furniture business. We make furniture, sell it. You can all come work for me. Silence.
Okay, Danny. Give me C channel to talk to group. Poor bastards.
My harmonica! Goddamnit, my favorite harmonica! Laughing, Eugene quickly wraps his flight scarf around Jack's leg, ties it, then pulls Jack to his feet. Then Jack reaches behind Eugene's ear and pulls out the St. Anthony medal. Eugene looks at it, astonished.
RASCAL
Ball turret, watch this guy on the left. He wants your ass.
I don't want that Goddamn ambulance in there! 364Thou art the best o’th’cut-throats; Yet he’s good that did the like for Fleance: If thou didst it, thou art the nonpareil.
Infected be the air whereon they ride; And damn’d all those that trust them!
Alright, Cassius Green. Listen. This is telemarketing. We ain’t fuckin’ mappin’ the human genome or finding fucking alternative fuel sources. I don’t care whether you have work experience. I’ll hire damn near anybody. That bootleg plaque proves two things I need to know- you have initiative and you can read. You will call as many contacts as you can during your shift, and you will read the script that we give you. And you will show up to work tomorrow. Happy.
OK. I’m 4 months late. But you should be ashamed. This land was created- by God- for us all, but greedy asses like you horde it for yourself and your family and charge the people for the right to live.
Look. Clock in, don’t be lazy, hit your contacts, bring in some money and I won’t have to be an asshole. Do real good, eventually you might be able to be a Power Caller.
I’m Cassius Green. Sorry to bother youLANGSTON No. You got it wrong. It’s not about sounding all nasal. It’s about sounding like you don’t have a care. Like your bills are paid and you’re happy about your future and you’re about to jump in your Ferrari when you get off this call. Put some extra breath in there. Breezy, like you don’t need this money, like you never been fired, only laid off. It’s not what all White people sound like- there ain’t no real White voice, but it’s what they wish they sounded like. It’s what they think they’re supposed to sound like. Like this, youngblood.
Sales are low. Let’s look at why. This graph shows the disgusting lack of contacts reached. You’re talking too long to these assholes! If you’re ever gonna be a Power Caller, you gotta know when to bag ‘em and when to tag ‘em. Salvador raises his hand.
Tagging is when you claim that money. It’s a sale. Ch-ching! You tag it. You claim it, like when they put the tag on the body at the morgue to identify it. Or- you might bag a dead body and be about to walk away from it and get out of town to lay low and then, instead, just drag that heavy fucker on into the alley and THEN tag it. That’s when you’re really good. All of the callers and managers are silent and look confused.
This is a damn bucket! 27
Well, that’s how Black folks do it.
That’s some freaky supernatural shit man. Voodoo. Sounds like you’re overdubbed.
Nuh uh, man. I want the good shit. The bartender reaches for the other of the two identical Jack Daniels bottles. Leaving it on the shelf, he opens the facade of the bottle- as if it were a door. It’s actually a bottleshaped compartment holding a much smaller bottle. The inner walls of the compartment are wood-grained. There’s a light illuminating the smaller bottle. Bartender grabs smaller bottle. pours a neat glass for Langston. Cassius watches.
You ain’t dancin’, man?
Yeah, man. I never been good at anything before. I’m feeling myself. I’m a monster at this shit. DETROIT walks up to CASSIUS by surprise and hugs him. Hey, Baby!
The big money. The top fucking tier of telemarketing. Making history with legends like Hal Jameson. Bad ass. We hear a POP and see that Diana has popped a bottle of Champagne. 42
Left Eye, bitches! 46
Regalview’s scared shitless. We’ll win.
Shit-fixer Local 123. I try to do the same with my art. Expose the bullshit.
So, how does this work with you and Cassius? You sound like a radical and he’s- I don’t knowDETROIT He’s real. He’s not that fake-ass bourgie gallery world. He’s been through so much hard shit in life that he grounds me- and my art.
Side-stepping. You side-step more than the fucking Temptations. Cassius pulls the covers toward him, off of Detroit.
Elbows and assholes, people! Let’s go!
Hola, compadre. Necesitan algun... Aw, fuck. Who am I kiddin’? No hablos español. You’re not one of those Spanish people that just look Black are you? CASSIUS- OVERDUB BY WHITE ACTOR No, Mr. Lift. I’m just Black.
Can I take a piss first? No.
See what I’m talkin about? Big misunderstanding.
Dude. You’re gettin’ all semantic on me.
Basically. Keeps shit simple.
2 things: One. It would be only a 5 year contract. After 5 years, we give you the Diffuser Antidote Special Sauce Serum and you’re back to normal. Two. Don’t forget: you’d have a horse-dick.
...just can’t get enough of these damn YouTubes! Laughter.
Oh my god. Oh shit. This doesn’t seem real. We can’t let them do this. People have to know. You have to tell them.
This is where the magic happens, Gigolo! 96
You gon’ be killin’ em at the sideshow!
If you want some ass, you gotta bring some ass! Get out there, then we’ll play your clip! We see a montage of Cassius running through a gauntlet, being hit by paddles, having baseballs hurled at him, being restrained by two big huys while a “70s Mafia Tough Guy” punches him, and having sludge-like cow shit dumped on him. Cassius is now standing next to Mary Rich. He is totally covered in cow shit, except for his eyes.
Ok! Is it as crazy as the Coke-anda-smile-bitch clip? Not possible.
Nah. We all give a fuck, but don’t know how to give it. Most people watching you on that screen knew calling their congressman wasn’t gonna do shit. They feel powerless. If you get shown a problem, but don’t see a way you can have control over it- you just decide to get used to the problem.
Go around soldiers! Clockwise! No retreat! Cassius, in a Coke-And-A-Smile-Bitch wig, stands on the shoulders of the statues and loudly blows a whistle. On both sides of the Blackwater guards, the strikers jump out of the way and we see two groups of very large people wearing Coke-And-A-Smile-Bitch wigs. They are running very fast towards the Blackwaters. It is the football team. They have custom wigs over their helmets and jackets over their pads. They smash into the group- KABLAM! SMASH! THUD!
Equisapiens! Let’s be out! The Equisapiens run down the street and around the corner as the strikers cheer. Applause and cheers for the Equisapiens turns into a victory celebration for the strikers. Someone in a Coke-and-a-smile-bitch wig comes up and taps CASSIUS on the back. He turns and we see that it’s DETROIT.
This room is haunted. Some chick died here in the 50s or whatever. Nicky looks around.
Woman of color.
Lord a mercy. Look at this shit. She picks up the photo of Jasmine’s door, her thumb tracing the letters carved in the wood.
I know what happened to Jasmine. If she did all that to herself, I know. I get it. This place oozes hate. It might not be white hoods and minstrels, but it’s there. It’s like a ghost. You can’t catch it, you can’t prove it. And sometimes you just want to have proof.
You’re white too.
She's okay. She loves to bitch about the leg.
Anyone find the goddamn circuit breaker? INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT - DAY But you wouldn't know it was day. The window, painted black, allow only small cracks of light in. Jericho and Chicago push their way into the apartment.
Bey Buddy, not here, This is my alley.
Rachel, let go. You're bruising me. Rachel has grabbed Christine's other wrist. She pulls her into the middle of the apartment.
Fellas...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, where are the bloody seatbelts?!
Him, out! Take your tart with you! You, soldier. Sit down
You always talk to boys as though they were bloodstock, Bosie. You should ask them to lift their hoofs and show their mouths..
Your cousin saved my ass. I could have lost the whole load.
SKINNY
Everybody has to be united in the same direction, or there’s not progress for the worker, Frank. You saw it firsthand. To me those guys ain’t union. They’re like Nazi collaborators. Operating behind our lines. You were in the war. You know what I mean.
Russ, I don’t know how Jimmy’s running the union with Bobby and the FBI up his ass all the time. He’s going crazy.
They had a word with the old man. And he had a word with his son, and he let Jack know, you know, who he fuckin owes. EXT. PHILLY - DAY - 1961 Frank pulls into a South Philly trucking company lot, climbs out of his car and speaks to a guy.
I ain’t looking at your ears.
That crazy bastard thinks he can do that right there in Columbus Circle in front of 5,000 people and get away with it? That’s not right. You hear me Frankie?
Yeah, I just can’t believe I’ve got to go to that prick Tony Pro to get them. Frank nods, but his silence says something. What.
This used to be my office. Frank Fitzsimmons travels around the country to every goddamn golf course there is. Who is he to run around with Nixon and the Attorney General? EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY - 1973 Fitz plays golf with Richard Nixon, John Mitchell and Tony Pro.
Which other Tony? They’re all named Tony. What’s the matter with Italians - they can only think of one name. Salerno.
bunch ofKing’s peoplemostly men- are
My point? Everybody gambles all the time. Life’s a gamble, right? That’s the thrill of it: this way or that way, the yes or the no, the heads or the tails of being alive! Yet here I am and here you are, heads bowed, ashamed of ourselves. But that ain’t right. You fellas aren’t here cos you’re gamblerswe’re all gamblers. You’re here cos you’re terrible gamblers. That’s what the problem is. You lose, right? And you end up here. More ashamed nods from the Gamblers.
Dammit, Bobby....
Whadd’ya mean?
What’s to talk away? You’ve just won a damned Rolls Royce.
It’s all equality this, equality that now, Bobby. Bra burning and the like.
And he never could get that damned car to start. The girls laugh.
Oh, I get it. It’s all my fault. Well, Gladys has got just the thing for you miserable ingrates... She delves in her bag and starts throwing packets of cigarettes at the Nine.
Dammit, Jack.
You’ve got a nerve with that male chauvinist pig nonsense. Who’s been bankrolling you all these years, Bobby Riggs? Me. A woman.
I think it's my prostate.
Harry, I'm serious, trust me Harry this woman's lifting us in, you gotta treat her like every Tom Dick and Harry.
Who are you calling a mowon?
HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing.
Oh shit! Excuse me...
This guy bonking you?
Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say!
Pharaoh coulda saved your ass.
Kick ass.
Both of you chill the fuck out. It's just once. When Simon gets back, we can still overpay for quarters if it makes you feel all warm and happy. But this is my deal, so just sit back and watch.
Inflation's a bitch.
Ronna. When I heard Philly got snowed in, I thought we were fucked for sure. Glad we found you.
Who the fuck are you? Monty Hall?
Do you want to get laid?
It's like floating. Like, "Hey down there, how's the ground and shit."
Pop! Goes the asshole.
Then she starts going around the ouside-- you know, painting the tree--when WHACK! It hits her in the eye. And her contact, it's like stuck on my dick.
What, my dick?
Whatever.
My mother's mother's mother was black.
Lesbian.
Fuck yeah.
Yo. Yo! He fucked up, he lost control.
Is it safe to have a radio against my balls like this?
Tell them what your girlfriend does.
My wife's a deputy sherriff, you believe that? A cop and a sherriff, married. It's like the freakin' odd couple.
Pussy magnets.
Some of the pussy power.
Gay men are so hot. It's tragic.
White.
Okay, approximately the right thing. In a half-assed, thrown-together fashion.
You are constantly using us.
I am some chick you leave sitting in an apartment.
Damn it, Jim, what the hell's the matter? Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral?
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
Uhura, turn off those damn channels!!
Full power damn you!
The church seems to be purging itself of it's pedophile.
Whatever.
I didn't get into this business to have "associates." And I don't want to join your Goddamned union. "Loner-- " "Loner gunman." Get it? "On my own." That's the whole point. Why don't you become a cop, or something. You can drink coffee in the morning... with friends!
Yeah, I couldn't stand that fucking class. But I appreciate you helping me out, man.
That punk is either in love with that guy's daughter or he has new found respect for life... Let's go.
I was sitting in my house on prom night wearing that Goddamned rented tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a bottle of champagne in the other. So I was just sitting there, and then the whole night flashed before my eyes, and it struck me like a bullet in the head-- I realized, finally, and for the first time, that... I wanted to kill somebody. So I figured because I loved you so much, that'd it'd be a good idea if I didn't see you anymore. But now I'm different.
Fuck that.  That's defeatist.  Fuck that.  Fuck it...Get on my side. Go with me.  Let's do something. You want to run this office, run it.
Listen.  I want to talk to you. Permit me to do this a second.  I'm older than you.  A man acquires a reputation.  On the street.  What he does when he's up, what he does otherwise...I said "ten," you said "no." You said "twenty." I said "fine," I'm not going to fuck with you, how can I beat that, you tell me?...Okay.  Okay.  We'll...Okay. Fine.  We'll...Alright, twenty percent, and fifty bucks a lead. That's fine.  For now.  That's fine. A month or two we'll talk.  A month from now.  Next month.  After the thirtieth.
Ah, shit, John.
Well, I want to tell you something, fella, wasn't long I could pick up the phone, call Murray and I'd have your job.  You know that?  Not too long ago.  For what?  For nothing. "Mur, this new kid burns my ass." "Shelly, he's out." You're gone before I'm back from lunch.  I bought him a trip to Bermuda once...
All of 'em.  They, hey: it happens to us all.
I don't know.  For me, I'm saying, what is is, it's probably not the orgasm.  Some broads, forearms on your neck, something her eyes did. There was a sound she made...or, me, lying, in the, I'll tell you: me lying in bed; the next day she brought me café au lait.  She gives me a cigarette, my balls feel like concrete.  Eh?  What I'm saying, what is our life?
You bet your ass.  Who wants to go to lunch?  Who wants to go to lunch? I'm buying.
Bruce..."I don't want to fuck around with you.  I don't want to go round this, and pussyfoot around the thing, you have to look back on this.  I do, too.  I came here to do good for you and me.  For both of us.  Why take an interim position?
They, I swear to God, they both kind of imperceptibly slumped.  And he reaches and takes the pen and signs, he passes it to her, she signs.  It was so fucking solemn. I just let it sit.  I nod like this. I nod again.  I grasp his hands.  I shake his hands.  I grasp her hands. I nod at her like this. "Bruce...Harriet..." I'm beaming at them.  I'm nodding like this.  I point back in the living room, back to the sideboard.
I didn't fucking know there was a sideboard there!!  He goes back, he brings us a drink.  Little shot glasses.  A pattern in 'em.  And we toast.  In silence.
What I'm saying to you: things can change.  You see?  This is where you fuck up, because this is something you don't know.  You can't look down the road.  And see what's coming.  Might be someone else, John.  It might be someone new, eh?  Someone new.  And you can't look back. 'Cause you don't know history.  You ask them.  When we were at Rio Rancho, who was top man?  A month...?  Two months...? Eight months in twelve for three years in a row.  You know what that means?  You know what that means? Is that luck?  Is that some, some, some purloined leads?  That's skill. That's talent, that's, that's...
Am I going to help you fix it? You're goddamned right I am.  Sit down.  Tell you something...? Sometimes we need someone from outside.  It's...no, sit down...Now talk to me.
To help us.  Not to fuck us up...to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living.  You fairy. You company man...I'll tell you something else.  I hope you knocked the joint off, I can tell our friend here something might help him catch you.
Yes.  Mmm.  Yes.  Precisely. Precisely. 'Cause your partner depends on it.
I've wanted to talk to you for some time.  For a long time, actually. I said, "The Machine, there's a man I would work with.  There's a man..." You know?  I never said a thing.  I should have, don't know why I didn't.  And that shit you were slinging on my guy today was so good...it...it was, and, excuse me, 'cause it isn't even my place to say it.  It was admirable...it was the old stuff.  Hey, I've been on a hot streak, so what?  There's things that I could learn from you. You eat today?
Perhaps not. I have to work on the PRD merger tonight. Enter MATTHEW, a temp in his early twenties and an incredible smart ass.
I have to say, that I am glad you are such an amazing kiss ass.
No. I am not a homosexual.
Knock yourself out.
What exactly you doin there, John?
Chief, I gotta talk to ya about this fat lady?
Hair on her hand. Plus Jen- nifer had raven black hair.
Pay me, and I shut up.
She married some English prick.
Got a handshake like a partially excited penis.
No one's gonna make that Gent. Six months investigation, & the nearest we got, we thought he was a sailor.
John, stop it. The case is on its ass,
Whass going on here?
Don't lie, Taylor. I just had this Blattis guy on the phone asking me for a comment - you gave him the whole damned case!
You got a "racy temper," Sergeant?
It's not as bad as it sounds .. They can't refuse me bail. Raise bail of my own cognizance & find the best damned lawyer there is ..
You ain't talking to no one, till you calm down.
Come on, Bobby, for God's sake. I wanna get the man that killed him.
Knock yourself out.
You've got ten seconds to get your hand off me.
Who the hell writes with a fountain pen
This is a great team we've got here. We are so prepped -- we are so ready to deploy -- you say the word -- you turn us loose -- unleash the beast, Dick, and we will tear this thing apart!
Well, this beats the hell out of Dubai. CLAIRE
Damn...
standing there waiting.
How's it going fellas?
Damn...
Dick?
Where the hell have you been?
You've gotta really speak up. They jammed this piece of crap transmitter in my phone, I'm gonna try and keep it focused, but...
Oh, that sucks more. He's the plumber. I called him to look at that piece of crap of boiler.
That sucked. You're running good, buddy. Kicking my ass.
Holy fuck! Mike? Hang on pal.
And it's not like I'm some I know. scumbag. I help old people for Christ sake. No offense but your pal, Finley doesn't give a crap about anything but making money.
No shit, Ter. Thanks for the update.
Ah shit.
Well, don't take any shit from any of those guys.
Then you ride the crotch and break him down with a cross-face.
It's embarrassing. But you're all acting like you don't care! Well, I'm not getting paid enough to just jerk around here.
No. Shit, everyone gets paid, but think about it, Mike. What are the chances that this kid ends up on your door step and he can wrestle like that? It's a sign, pal.
Jesus! Look at those tats.
Yeah! Holy shit!
Ow! Oh shit.
Ow! Shit! Ouch! He's getting killed.
is a veteran of three decades in the blood-sport that is local TV news ... she’s a 50-ish, over-made, hard-bitten beauty who began in front of the camera and has now, through sheer survival, become the madam of the whore house ...
Man, we are way the hell out here.
You’re going to go around and get an angle inside from those dumpsters over there. Steady hands, use the zoom, and no fast pans. I’ll be filming from here. Fuck that.
Ok ... well .... I went with this girl, she loved having sex. She was so into it. We would have sex and she'd be screaming, "I love it . " We had sex in It was so dirty. every room in the house. The bathroom. It was like you guys were saying. She wanted to do it on the kitchen table. I came home and she was on the kitchen table naked 'cause she just wanted me to nail her ... And did
her so bad. JAY
Nipples.
him laid. Yes.
boy needs to get laid.
bullshit. man.
Her. Oh man, you She is a waitress
you, man.
ass?
such a fag.
then what the hell are to do? What are youNo. Designed it myself, actually. Bad ass, right?
You guys are gunters? I mean, serious, not just jerking off on the weekend...?
Not jerking off on weekends at all.
Pre-Jurassic is a bitch.
IOI, brah. Gotta stop ‘em.
Suckchute, that's new.
Dude, you’re in the newb lane.
They are nice, butt-chee.
Six, old friend, how are you? This is NUMBER SIX, an Oasis Bounty Hunter, and he is scary as shit, except for his voice. It’s incongruously nasal and unintimidating.
I can feel the Corinthian leather under my ass, that’s how sensitive this thing is.
Put these on. She puts them on and them Parzival pulls out a supremely badass RAIL GUN.
I like yours too. I mean, your arms, but I mean like... your butt, it’s not...
You’re even more badass in real life. Nah.
Whatever dude, split hairs.
What do you think? Cynical dicks can turn the page now, but the song has its magic and it WORKS. Artemis smiles, clearly into it.
Goddamn it, Ivy, what did she say?
She'll be a big fat help, just like you.
She may be an Indian, but she makes the best goddamn apple pie I ever ate.
Oh, men always say shit like that, as if the past and the future don't exist.
Holy shit, that's Karen.
Precocious little shit.
I see you gentlemen have stripped down to your shirt fronts. I thought we were having a funeral dinner, not a cockfight.
Okay. But now some of this furniture, some of this old shit you can just have. I don't want it, got no use for it. Maybe I should have an auction.
In a Pontiac Sedan. With his mother, his father, in a fucking car! Now what do you want to say about your rotten childhood? That's the crux of the biscuit: we lived too hard, then rose too high. We sacrificed everything and we did it all for you. Your father and I were the first in our families to finish high school and he wound up an award-winning poet. You girls, given a college education, taken for granted no doubt, and where'd you wind up?
Did you just say "cooch"?
Last time I spoke with my father, we talked about the state of the world, and he said, "You know, this country was always pretty much a whorehouse, but at least it used to have some promise. Now it's just a shithole." I think maybe he was talking about something else, something more specific, personal... this house? This family? His marriage? Himself? There was something sad in his voice-- not sad, he always sounded sad -- hopeless. As if it had already happened. As if whatever was disappearing had already disappeared. And no one saw it go. This country, this experiment, America, this hubris: what a lament, if no one saw it go.
I don't want to see yours, perv.
He was messing with Jean --
You die.
Ivy's a lesbian.
I’ve heard about you -- you’re a hell of safe cracker.
Are you two relegues?
If I were you, I’d pretend otherwise. Relegues get no respect from real bagnards -Sierra motions to another barracks -- guards are carrying out a dead convict who’s had his guts ripped out -- a group of feral looking men watch on. These beast-like cons are muscled, scarred -- head-to-toe tattoos.
Trying to procure the Warden another drink. Probably not a good time to detain me. The guard grunts, about to go about his business when he hears a sound...turns to see Papi hoisting Maturette and Clousiot up the wall -GUARD Son of a bitch -Dega watches in horror as the guard aims his rifle --
Compass is shit -Papi tosses the compass over his shoulder, steps into the boat -- CRACK -- his foot goes right through. It takes him a moment to register what just happened -- pulls his foot out,
You know what -- fuck it -- I’ll do it for nothing. Do what?
I spent that two years in solitary thinking back on things -- watching the movie of my life. I didn’t really want to watch it, but what the hell else was I going to do... I’d be lying if I said I didn’t want to get the bastards who sent me here, but I tell ya -- my family -- living in the country... It was an honest life. If I get the chance, I want to live that way again.
That damned, rusty, radiator, bout burned the skin off my legs each time I passed.
I don't do none of that shit no more. I'm in communications now.
Anyways, ain't no money in drugs no more with these rednecks popping cough pills like they's Skittles. Hey, that's what you need, girl. Get you some cough medicine. What, you sick?
Alright. How much you need, ho?
I just like dressin' up in these goddamn blue vests.
Why you stop havin' dancin' on Saturday? Used to have bands... all kind's live shit. Like a wake up in here, now.
Wanna get on somebody 'bout live music, get on ol' Laz, there. He the one got this place shakin' back in the day.
Whole lotta woman, right there.
Oh... I'm just on a water bed... And it's just... so... Goddamn... funny!
Yo, T! Laz wanna holla at cha.
Like I say, you wanna hook that up... I ain't in ya way. That switch of hers been all over this town. Got that sickness, you know.
What'chu sayin'?
What'chu sayin'?
I AIN'T LETTIN' YOU DIE!
You travelin' right now, gal. You asleep and you don't even know it.
What'chu sayin'?
Meanin' like a team of fellas go to work on her and she don't even break a sweat.
Girl got a sickness.
Gal, you ain't right yet.
GAL! I ain't gonna be moved on this!
You can holla y'self hoarse. Ain't gonna bend my will.
Means ya healin'.
R.L., you gonna have to get on. I can't have nobody round my place.
A naked woman, chained in ya house?
I'm tellin' you the truth, dammit. I found her beat. Left for dead. So I brung her home.
Good number of this town's sinners got my ear, you know.
Why don't you go'on and ask her. She need to talk wit somebody with sense. Folks been ruttin' and beatin' on this gal all her days. And this is how I'm handling it.
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?
Watch y'self in there. That girl'll jump on ya junk like a grasshopper.
I gotta ask you. Why do you think Laz is keepin' you chained like this?
I ain't no virgin no more?
Gal, I been around hard-cursin' folk all my life. And let me tell you...
They got little names for everything in the corps when they trying to get rid of ya. Don't know what it's like in the guard. There's what you call a bad conduct discharge, a BCD... we all called it the big chicken dinner. It ain't the brig but it'll fuck ya for life if you wantin' to work for the government.
Blowin' boys in the head, for one.
Whoa, son! I ain't sayin' shit about you. I'm just talkin'.
Gotta get that chain off her, Laz. Somethin' like this gets out, you could land in a heap of trouble.
Not gonna lie to you, Laz...
You and me, we night owls. No use fightin' this shit.
Get'chu at that table up yonder.
What? I called Bojo, like you say. Called up the fellas in the band...
Yes, I'm goin' Georgia line. See if them women sweet like mine.
Yeah, gal I been here before.
Holy shit, Ronnie!
You're a fuckin' rock star.
You testing me? Huh? You testin' me, old man?
I think... I think we're fucked up. Both of us. I know I am. But... that don't mean what I feel ain't true. It don't mean I can't love. And I know, how I been is... is... REALLY BAD! So if you want to quit on me... I understand. But please... please... don't.
Woman like me, I got a lot of livin' to do. But my days are precious to me. They all I got left. Don't want no more fuss. I want love in my life. You understanding me, Laz?
Ain't gonna have my girl ridin' no bus.
You and me... we can handle this. You hear me, gal? We gonna be just fine. Now live ya life. Pull your shit together and live your life.
Shit. Wrong room.
Shut it, Teddy.
Don't be a prick. I'm not reading it to annoy you, I enjoy it. Just let me read, please.
He'll kill you, Lenny.
You Jimmy Grantz?							  *
You're using me!
He was to you. Come on, Lenny, you got			 * your revenge - just enjoy it while you			 * still remember.							    *
What are you saying, Henry?  That his girlfriend fucked him to death?
Hey, Slugger.  Ready for bed?
Not even if they're a dork?
Not even if they're a dork.  You should go by and see how he's feeling.
I'm surprised you can walk after the way Burnham chewed your ass out this afternoon.
Oh -- Jesus.
Bullshit. You can't help him.   We can help him. Hafiz. Listen to me. Listen.
If not sitting there while someone spouts obnoxious crap makes you an asshole. Then I'm an asshole. And you knew that when you married me.
Exactly. You can't be freezing your balls off in a GOOSEDOWN alone in the dark.
Have you met him? Fred. Have you met Saddam? Have you looked him in the eye? Did he threaten you? Did he threaten to kill you? You don't know Saddam. You don't know what you're talking about.
Bill's right. This is just one snafu in a thousand we got right now. The scientists are-
Val, Mossad were already on the same page.
OK. See those birds. Those guys. Those yellow fellas. See `em..
Say through some miracle you even get through this.. you and Joe are always gonna fight. You're fighters. He's a stubborn son of a bitch too. He don't give up easy either.
Dammit, Janet.
I'm just a sweet Transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
"Sweet Transvestite"
He'll do press-ups and chin-ups, Do the snatch, clean and jerk.
YOU!
You!
I wanna be dirty.
You're too old for that one Benny.
Year after I graduated I was moving six cars a month, on my way to my own shop. I wasn’t going to miss a Saturday to spend it with a bunch of losers reliving glory they never had. When I was gone,
Got a girl, Cheston?
I know. I’m saying something. Only saps relive this shit. All the same, I'm glad this bench is still here. Ben takes in the view from the bench. wide across its top. Then gets up.
If by 'some reason,' you mean because I saved your ass in every math class you ever took-JIMMY --I remember the ass saving, but I remember doing most of it, not in class maybe...
She'd shit-Allyson laughs.
But she would shit.
Pete, Didn't I tell you this was a kick ass location!
I can sell the shit out of a car. Always could.
Okay, okay. I called past his bedtime. I shouldn’t have. But I’m sitting here on the Bench, you know, where I met your mother. I have to walk past this fucking bench three times every day. I try not to look at it. But I always do. We sat here, talked from three in the afternoon until the sun came up again.
That I remember. You had a puny little-BEN Hey-JIMMY Ass. I was saying a small ass back then, when we were kids. The men laugh with each other, remembering. Jimmy throws some dishes into the washer.
Is it a fucking joke? Exceptions? What world have you been watching?First off, what does a Black man call his woman?
You been saying that for the longest momma. JUJl..l:U'.:'A Well I must be getting old, cause I'!:'\ starting to ao all them thangs I seen my momma do. I'm planting collards, mustard
This is gonna be corn. ~Y tomatoes gon be there and I'ma get some nice lace awnings from Home Depot so I can sit here, tune your ass out, and sip my wine when them tomatoes get fat and red. Cabbage here,
I can't '::le giving you money every::ime you one of these girls pregnant Jody. Jody holds his head down. Then he turns and sees MELVIN, a big strong man, with a face that says, "Don't fuck with me I've done hard time". Melvin puts on his best Kool Aid smile as he walks towards Jody.
my brother I mean. So where you live at man. Where you from?
says happy hour all over it! I'll tell you what. This is one of a kind yo'..l ain't gonna see nobody else wi;:h this dress! Believe me .. take it from me I'll tell you tha truth. I ain't gone lie to ya. YOUNG WOMAi'J
it from one them expensive ass electronic stores? JODY
Yeah, I want you to be happy momma. But I ... letting the man live here, r.1ove in with his TV and his old ass records! This how it started with Henry. And you k...,cw how hard it was to get his ass up oi.:.tta here.
Oh shit Yvette! 1 HE:
When you in love with a man he can make you feel high .. so high you be in outer space. But a mari can also make your ass feel low. Real low. A..~d he can keep you there, keep you down . . . . If you let him. Don't worry about feeling used Yvette, that's temporary thing cause everybody get used. :1en get used by women, woman by men. You go::ta face the fact you gonna get used .. but if you feel so used that you ain•;: got nothing left. If the man aint giving you nothing back tha:: you need to get the energy to love him when he being a bastard. The:::. you gotta let it go. If you ain't got ~othing to give you yourself, or your
V'ihat y'all know 'bout this?! Y"all don't know nothin 'bout Marvin?! Hey! 'Whew!! That's my shit!!
Here my booba right here now.
Let me smell your dick!
See?! My shit smells good don't it?
I love you too baby!! I ain't going nowhere! I love your ass baby:! I love you too deep: WE" see Yvet ~e's face she has tears in her eyes.
You love Daddy Dick?
Oooh I made your ass sing ... Woooo ! Ahhh ! ! Like Mary J. Blige. Why I gotta make you go Ahhhl to get you to stop trippin? I know you don't hate me now, do you?
Shut up Swee'Spea!!
Naw man you don't need no liquor. You too fired up already.
Cause you my man!
How come you ain't brought your :.cids a:!'.'ound here Melvin? Don't yoi.: got a son like seventeen years old named Duquan? And you got a little girl aboi:t five na.-ned Maya? You tell my :r,omma 'bout them kids? ME:;:..VIN
What ' d you do man?
Awww this lil man got heart!! You ready to take this shit huh?!
So you didn't tell 'em you had no man huh?
No Melvin don't go!! Y'all gonna have to live togetheY.
Tha~•s my s~uff! I missed you Yvette! I missed your ass so much! I'm sorry! I love you! You my rib! You eve:,:- heard of Adam's Rib? 'l'hat 's how God made Eve. I can't live
And he said you never take sides, because all you care about is getting pictures: taking sides might get in the way. Please -- take one of Lou's. They're just going t'hell here.
At least pick up the damn camera!
Yeah, well, like the guy who shoveled the elephant shit said to the circus owner, 'What? And give up Show Business?'.
Damn.
I read the tabloids, Leon. I take an interest in my brother. I'm glad you're an insider now. What's that got to do with Pa, rotting on his ass down on Delancey Street?
Spoleto and Farinelli. Spoleto and Farinelli, all month long. Like rabid dogs fightin' over some stinkin' bone.
Whatever.
There was just four or five of us in that room -- Farinelli, two of his lieutenants, two of his hoods.
Sal, you beautiful jerk.
Whoops... Anyway, Portifino's such a half-wit he figures with the middle- man dead he's free to sell the stamps to somebody else. By this time, he's met Farinelli, so he goes to him. Never mentions Spoleto. The asshole. He signed his death warrant. End of story.
So Farinelli gets the name and kills him. Which means Spoleto doesn't know the name till you tell him.
You're gettin' me and you mixed up.
Here's three months, I got no time to haggle.
You're out of your league here, Mr. Bernstein. The police may take this lightly but I'll be goddamned if the Bureau's gonna let a picture peddler create a scandal in the O.P.A. that's gonna undermine morale and hurt the war effort.
'Tenant, need you back in mess.  Straight away.
Fuckin' A-1, sir.
Sextant.  In my cabin.
Guess we were trying to protect him, his memory.  Felt Winters was a good C.O. -- even if he could be a tough sonuvabitch, sometimes.  For his reputation...his family's sake....
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gypre and gimble in the waba.. All mimsy were the borogoves, And the mome raths outgrabe.
She should go yadder to Queast.
Contrariwise, she'll be safer in Snud.
Snud!
Ilosovic Stayn...you knave.
I need a pig here!
Where are my Fatboys? You must meet them! Fatboys!
I love my Fatboys.
Nivens will take you.
Somebody's been into the pishsalver again.
I cannot tell you how much pishsalver I've had to swallow
Joke all you want, Raphy. But train hard and eat your veggies and one day, you too can be as cool as The Nightwatcher, dude.
Hothead.
Are you that Nightwatcher fella?
Cowabunga-dude.
I feel responsible, fellas. I found the Generals for him.
Oh Karl, Jesus Christ Karl, don't do that.
There seems to be an alien pubic hair in my Gin.
Jerk !
Ah, you know. Howsa pooch?
Because I'm your brother.  Because I care about you. Because sometimes it seems like the most significant relationship in your life is with that goddamn dog of yours.
Fellas, fellas ...
We are not a saloon act.  We do not take tips from dirty old men.
Well, for Blackie then.
Yeah,well, a11 I know is mother nature must be one crazy dame.  Shit.
You're gonna knock her dead, kid.
Jesus, you fellas've made a lot of noise.  What's with the stars?
What's it look like I'm doing? I'm tuning a goddamn piano.
Let's make a deal.  You shut up.
Whoops, there they are.  Hey, nice suits, fellas.
Shut up, Frank.
Get your hand off me.
It wasn't professional, Jack.  It was a stunt. A stupid-ass stunt.
What's happening to you, Frank?  You been kissing ass so long you're starting to like it?  You let that guy turn us into clowns tonight.  We were always small time, but we were never clowns, Frank. What's happened to your dignity?
Let me explain something to you, little brother. See, I've got people who depend on me.  I've got a wife and two children who expect to wake up every morning with food on the table and heat in the house. I got a mortgage.  I got car payments.  I got Ma's medical bills. Oh yeah, and I got you.  Yeah, you. Jack the shadow who's so cool and so hip and so fucking sure he's better than everyone else.  Don't you think I'd like to walk up to one of these assholes and blow smoke in his face?  Goddamn right I would. But I can't.  Because I have to be responsible, little brother.  I have to make sure the numbers balance out in my favor at the end of each month so everyone can go on living their lives.  You don't win medals for it, but you can be damn sure you'd all take notice if I folded up shop.  So don't talk to me about dignity, little brother.  You're drawing on a weak hand.
You’re not going anywhere. THORIN and the others look sharply at BARD.
Ingannen le Orch. I thought you were an Orc.
The King has never let Orc filth roam our lands, yet he would let this Orc-pack cross our borders and kill our prisoners.
Wait a minute - where’re they going? You can’t give up now! Thorin? You can’t give up now ... ANGLE ON: THORIN’S thrusts the MAP at BILBO as he leaves.
Thorin, we’ll never make it.
Only like fifty-eight times. Sanji's a genius. Like seriously... he will blow your mind all over the goddamn room. He's like a mind grenade.
I can't believe you're out here. I'm giddy. I feel like a child whose best friend has strict Chinese parents who never let him come out and play but now his Chinese parents are away for the Chinese New Year. You have any interest in pounding this shit?
You gotta do karoake.
Hey, c'mon. Be cool.    He was just screwing around.
"Big Balled Water Nymph"?       It's a working title.
You're a no man.
What's up, chicken butt?
This place is boring as shit. Check out the Lester F. Larsen Tractor Test & Power Museum. Now that's an attraction. Ask for Billy.
WANT ME TO OPEN THIS SUCKER UP?
••• Big nose for such a little fellow •••• Blackberries •••• No, black pepper •••• Amusing and unpretentious •••• More like a field of fresh olives •••• Are we just a little oxidized? ••• Who bought this shit? ••• What does Kermit think?
You forgot your lugg...
You doin' it.
The window, twit!
You hate round num...
I'm a Scot.  It's a different country.  Culturally and historically.
The bloody Japs bought up half the premium clarets in the universe. You may have heard.
Same here, fella.
Gold is shit.  It's six thousand dollars a pound.  Worth your weight in gold...?
...you twit.
You're a Scot.  Would you like some 25-year-old Macallan?
You know, for a bitch.  You can be awfully sweet.
Bud, we all supposed to be celebratin'. 'Been workin' this case for months. And you ain't said shit.
They shit their pants in unison.
When a guy's lookin' at two hundred years and he ain't upset... It's like when your wife is accusing you of fuckin' the neighbor, but she don't know you're fuckin' her sister too. You're pretty calm about it, right?
What do you got there, Shep'?
Today, Lucian's one hell of an entrepreneur. Owns surplus stores. Demolition. A piping business. Got trucks runnin' all across the God damn country.
Braddock ain't gonna go for this.
My brother ain't none of your business.
'Fact, I think you wanted out 'fore I even got to you! That's why you distanced yourself. That's why you're out there crackin' safes. Lookin' to live a life that ain't AB.
You're God damn right I do! You're out on a limb on this already, Bud! It's my job to make sure you get back!
You're a piece of work, Catfish.
Where the hell you been?
We got this...heathen. A whore of an Irishman...down in Baton Rouge. He's protected. Got a lot of guys around him. That's why it pays. That's why nobody wants the job... That's why we're here talkin'.
You been made, Bud. We gotta skin out.
This is my investigation. Jesse's cowboy bullshit is not how it's done!
Why the hell not?!
Get your ass down here.
Keep pagin' him.
Well I got Kiersey just walked in. Two fractured wrists and scared as all hell.
That's exactly what we're gonna do! We got no way inside. Let Jesse go in hard and draw fire. He pushes Lucian out to us. Stand the fuck down. I'm on my way.
Look , you'll have a drink, our boss will be here soon, he'll explain everything. Honestly, our whiskey selection? You will shit . We got a 1943 Dalmore that's just -A KNOCKAT THE DOOR. The confused It's he's
What you saying, blud?
I t hink you have a wrong number .
Because my mum went mental? Banging on about losing me as well as my dad. Didn't want me be in g cannon fodder for snobs like you. Judging people like me from your ivory towers with ino thought about why we do what we do . We ain't got much choice , you 9et me? And if we was born with thi= same silver spoon up we'd do just as we l l as our arses, you . If not better . Eggsy's so worked up that he hasn't Gang Boys have come in .. And they're
you make your mind up , something you nee d t o know .
Not happy, Gazelle. Not even a bit happy. Know what? Fuck it . We're gonna need to speed things up . Bring the product release forward. GA\rnLLE We're on ly halfway into production. Speeding i t up will cost a fortune. Like 65
No need . My boss is stay i ng at a Villa just a l ong t he coast . He ' s dy in g t o meet yo u. Elton
Trying to learn a l l the capitals They always ask that shit in general knowledge tests.
I don't know how it is in Eng l and, but over here i t's co nsidered a little bit bourgeois .
I'm not paparazzi, Mr Beckha m. I'm here to c o l lect you .
waitress, 20s, hold i ng an unlit cigarette and a lighter , stares at him in surprise . This is POPPY. When she speaks, it's with an accent s imilar to Eggsy's. Shit,
Know what? Fuck it, have that drink. 99
I told you, I work for the post office! I drop stuff off al l over London. Whoever you think I am, you've got the wrong bloke .
No, no. One may down brandy, but whiskey is sipped. This is a 1943 Dalmore, the finest single malt. It should be drunk with a splash of room-temperature water, never with ice, and it should be savored. Let it comfort you with a slow hug, not a quick fuck ..
Stop whining,, will you? Plen ty of us didn't. Arthur didn't. Like most snobs, he carne from pe rfe ctly out at humble roots. He started Huntsman as a bloody pattern cutter! Tell you what, get some sleep -- guest room's on the l eft and tomorrow,, you' 11 give me a day of your time .. Then decide. Deal? Jack 104
Cover you balls you English
Piec e of piss. He turns 120
the girl has some balls.
You're right ! And the guilt never left me, but I understood the importance o:f following orders, and Mr Pickle here reminds me of that every time I take a shit . You shot stuffed,
into t he p lane.
So we t ake out the
in the pub . The survivors and try to help one anot her. 242
Oh freddled gruntbuggly! Thy suppurations are to me as plerdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
Damn.
That's Humma Kavula? I thought he was just using a swear word.
Tricia Yggarstuk McMillanus of Blaard?
That was one of mine. Won an award you know. Lovely crinkly edges. I was sorry to hear about it being blown up. Shocking cock up. The mice were furious.
Jerk.
Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress.
He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips.
Yeah, against that prick VanDeMark.
And the irony is, thirty years later, that prick is bowling in the seniors on TV all over the world, and look at me. Ah well. The docs made me stop, on account of my ticker.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
Pinhead! Don't just blurt it right out.
So Buzz, let's skedaddle. Mr. Kastle is waiting. As Buzz gets up, Theo rises and steps between his father and the two sleazeballs.
Besides, it beats the pants off bingo.
Kinda tough on the butt.
Hey, enough fun and games. We have work to do. Come on Junior. Kastle heads for his car. Junior gets up and follows. The two sleazeballs tarry as Theo stands.
She told us you went after Junior to save your old man's hide. You got some balls goin' after that psycho.
The Faz sure took care a her.
See ya 'round Faz.
These guys be pissed if they knew, eh?
Great shit, eh?
U.S. Gummint offers this house to any Cuban pilot flying Migs for the Rebels who chooses to defect to America with a Russian jet. We know they ain't gonna run off with no planes -- but the Rebs don't -- They're scared. They start thinking about that swimming pool. Damn near smell that chlorine. Starts workin' on 'em, and pretty soon they don't let the Cubies near a Mig. Use their own spook pilots and destroy their own air force in a week. Guaran-fuckin- teed.
Nifty.
Fellas! No fighting after six at night, all right? Curfew.
G'damn, Price... kudos on the African snaps.
Shitload o' greasers though, eh?
I'll make a shitload of money in television for just sitting there.
Yeah... the whole fucking East Coast is falling in love with Rafael -- they were sure he was dead this time. Somebody wants to do a musical about him and his mug's on every T-shirt in Central Park.
If your mug shows up in this box... and ya try to make it through Sebaco... I owe yer ass.
Assassin! Shut up!
You murder people.
What are you gonna give her on those haddock, two bucks a pound?
Bye twat waffle.
I love this song. Feel that beat. My whole ass is vibrating.
My nuts are on fire.
This song is called “My Pal Foot Foot.” Ruby.
You find the weirdest shit. Did you get this in the dollar bin?
Guys! You want to fight, go fight those assholes! Our family sticks together.
You’re a teenager. If I was blind, would you want to paint? Ruby stares at her.
BERNARDO
I know. I’m sorry, Ruby. I am. I’m a dick. Ruby softens.
You’re welcome. Fuck you, asshole. You oughta check it out...Check...it...out. The zoo is great. World class, they say. Many, many important, you know whatchamacallit, endangered species, breeding programs, you know. They’re famous for it. Pandas. Other things. Owls.
Damn straight.
Ah..hello, miss? Shit.
You’re not like a pervert or something? Like some weird version of a chubby chaser? No.
I’m a pig.
Of course not, slugger. would I go?
No, I get it. I know there are bad dudes out there, and it sucks. It totally fuckin’ sucks. The question is what do you do about it, you know?
Fuck yeah dude!
Dude, you’re my homie. Whatever you say I believe. I just wanna hear you say it. I know what the website said and I don’t give a fuck. I got your back no matter what! But, I wanna ask you man to man. Real talk. What did go down?
I’d like to dig my heels in and tell ‘em all to go to hell, myself but I gotta fammily to think about, you know? If I was in your shoes - single guy, no kids - it’d be a different story, you betcha.
Go! Tess sprints for the stairs. -- PINK ROOM: Cale is dropped into the blankets as the mother bolts from the room. -- NEST STAIRS: Tess pounds up the endless stairs, refusing to look behind her. -- SECRET HALLWAY: Tess blows past the TINY ROOM. -- BASEMENT: She flies across the basement straight to the STEPS, scales them and... The BASEMENT DOOR is LOCKED. Of course it would be fucking locked! No!
They’re somewhere down in the tunnels. I’m not going back in that shit! Tess looks down the street at the overgrown CHURCH the homeless man pointed out. This way.
Fucking come on! Below, the mother pounds on the wall, rattling the metal stairs. Tess slips, catches herself and plods upwards. Before long she reaches the top. The window here is boarded up. Cale is jumping for the eave of the roof.
Well, what do you know  wife.
I feel like a bootlegger's wife.
You know very well why. The Baileys were all chumps. Every one of these homes is worth twice what it cost the Building and Loan to build. If I were you, Mr. Potter...
How does slacker George feel about that?
Hey, you... Hey, you! Come back here, you drunken fool! Get this car out of here!
Oh, I don't know. Either I'm off my nut, or he is...
You know, that's another reason for me not to like you. That rumhead spent twenty years in jail for poisoning a kid. If you know him, you must be a jailbird yourself.
Ernie, take me home. I'm off my nut!
I hate to do this, fella.Because you keep gettin’ divorced!
Stan pleaseLAUREL A cheapskate, a skinflint, and a... a... parvenu! He nods, satisfied that he’s landed a blow. But ROACH - and HARDY - clearly don’t know what a ‘parvenu’ is.
You just wait ‘til I tell me mam it’s you! We never get anybody famous stayin’ here - to be honest
Miffin.
-Miffin.
Why are you interested in a fat old man like me? This is clearly an old joke between them.Yeah? Why not? MAIN TITLE ON BLACK: 20TH CENTURY WOMEN
Just don’t hang out with that Chris guy anymore, okay? He’s a skeez and he’s kind of dumb.
Abbie.
In 1973 she moved to New York City and went to art school. New York City made her feel sane. It was so fucked up. She fell in love with photography, she learned to dance when she got sad. She saw The Man Who Fell To Earth and died her hair red.
Yeah, no, not a lesbian.
Shit Julie. Dorothea takes off. EXT. SAN LEANDRO STREET/OAK TREE GLENN - DOROTHEA’S CAR - DAY Julie walks down the street. In the distance we see Dorothea’s VW BUG catching up, pulling up alongside Julie. Julie sees the car, walks on the little trail in to the oaks. Dorothea parks and catches up to her.
With my dick.
But he’s heartbroken for Abbie. They share a look of love and regret. She touches him sweetly, somehow older than she was an hour ago, more alive to how complicated it all is. She punches him in slow motion. INT. DOROTHEA’S ENTRY WAY Dorothea and William return home from the bar. the “Art Fag” car on the way in, they discuss.
Abbie understands it.
What about the other one? The art fag one? CUT TO: William and Dorothea listening to TALKING HEADS “THE BIG COUNTRY.” The music is odd, but spacious. William does a more fluid, semi-hippie dance. Dorothea does an imitation of him, half mocking him. He smiles.
Dorothea and Jamie are alone now, they have to face each other.
make like Smuckers
Where the hell have you been? SARAH
you barf
her 'the
to cacch up with him.
Will you jerks shut up? We have just something amazing.
GOBI
Bill, missing the building, pulls Gobi off the building with him.You shitting me?
Piss-poor, too. Low in heavy elements.
Show us where it is, lady. We just spent five hours looking for the damn thing.
The kid who beat you up all the time when you were twelve. You told us all about him. You were cryin' and everything.
I hope it's a girl, I can't help it. Six brothers, I mean, give me a break. I'm sick of all these balls around the house. He doesn't laugh. She rolls over, strokes his chest with one hand.
Jesus, you guys scared the shit out of me! The kid with Adam doesn't seem embarrassed, he just reaches for the football. Tom beats him to it.
Spider doesn't fuck around on her.
But, you know, what am I gonna do, I'm a single father with a son to support, I can' t just say fuck everything. So I scraped together enough money to make a few downpayments, and here I am. A landlord, for Christ's sake.
She took off back in March, I think, with some black guy.
Jesus, Lenny, don't use that word.
All right, all right. Just, if there's, you know, if there's somethin' you wanna bullshit about or anything, just let me know. Might help.
Listen, Maggie, I'm sorry. I was an asshole. I should be there with you right now.
Look at her tongue, man.
But there's nothing to... you're talking like a nut, that's what people will say. This is just a body, it doesn't prove anything.
I don't trust this Hickock fellow. Perry's the only person who can describe to me what happened that night. I need to hear him say it.
Cherokee.
We heard there was ten thousand dollars in that house. Once we'd tied up everybody and searched all over, I knew the guy who told us about it was wrong. There wasn't any money. But Dick wouldn't believe it. He went tearing through the house again, banging on the walls, looking for a safe. He said when he was done, he was going to come up to Nancy's room and have his way with her. I wouldn't allow it. I told him that. I sat with Nancy.
We've got a date set for the Warehouse, Dick and me. Two weeks and... Finito. April 14.
You know Ricardo donated his eyes to science? Next week, some blind man will be seeing what Dick used to see.I always liked to hear about the old- timers. Never missed a chance to do so. Nigger Hoskins over in Bastrop County knowed everbody's phone number off by heart. You can't help but compare yourself against the old- timers. Can't help but wonder how they would've operated these times. There was this boy I sent to the gas chamber at Huntsville here a while back. My arrest and my testimony. He killed a fourteen-year-old girl. Papers said it was a crime of passion but he told me there wasn't any passion to it.
...Yessir I got it covered.
Llewelyn? What the hell?
Screwgie.
Wudden us.
These boys is all swole up. So this was earlier: gettin set to trade. Then, whoa, differences... You know: might not of even been no money.
Mama's gonna raise hell.
Just white.
Ain't got Larries in black but I got 'em in osta-rich. Break in easy.
No me mate.
No me mate.
Hitchhikin'.
What is he supposed to be, the ultimate bad-ass?
Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin'.  Diggin' in that hard caliche.
God, this paper is so boring. Who reads all this shit?
I bet! Actually he reminds me of that one creep you went out with -- you always go for guys with some lame, fake shtick.
It's a mongoose.
Look who's talking - little miss badass...
Melorra, listen to me - let me tell you something Melorra... you seem like an interesting chick - what are you doing hanging out with these losers here? Whaddya say you and me take off and hit some nightspots etc. etc.
I wonder if I hang around with you because you're like my surrogate mother figure or something. Like I have this subconscious biological need to be nagged and bitched at constantly.
You're gross.
Bitchin'.
What a dork!
Hey don't go away because we've got Blueshammer coming up in just a minute!
Oh yeah right, like I'm gonna let some asshole with a goatee own Goofy Gus.
Because you'll freak out and act like a total psycho about it.
Yeah, she thinks you're a dork.
He man, keep it down in there, I can hear your ass out here.
Wiggel your big toe.
Almost -- American.
Domo.
Domo.
Keep your mouths shut.
between CU's of the two women, face to face.
And you're Black Mamba.
Domo.
Domo.
Goddamn, what a wildcat.
You sound like you have a bony ass.
Now now boys...Mr. Bill, do you intend to start any shit with that sword?
I just caught me the cowgirl, ain't never been caught.
No. It's just...I ain't killed nobody in a long Goddamn time. And just 'tween you, me, and Jesus Christ, kinda made me a promise I wasn't gonna. Be that however it is. Back when I did kill people...I got paid for it. Just don't seem right...turn amateur this time of life.
In America white women call this the silent treatment.
Because he's a very very very old man. And like all rotten bastards, when they get old, they become lonely. Not that that has any effect on their disposition. But they do learn the value of company.
Come now woman, can't you even hit an old man?
Yeah you gotta hand it to the ol' girl. I never saw nobody buffalo Bill the way she buffaloed Bill. Bill useta think she was so damn smart. I tried to tell him... Bill, she's just smart for a blonde.
Black Mamba -- this is Budd. You know before I picked up that little fella, I looked him up on the internet.
EX CU Her EYE.
Hey, get back down there, you're playing possum.
I said - I said - You're the most beautiful woman I ever saw in the whole white world.
Any other time you'd be a hundred percent right. But this time you're a hundred percent wrong. I'm the deadliest woman in the world, but right now I'm scared shitless for my baby. Please, you hafta believe me. Look at the strip, it's on the floor.
It's one woman. She's five foot nothing. She's a hobbit.
EXT. DIANA'S HOUSE - UGLY DEVELOPMENT - LATER Prefab homes. Tiny lots. SANDY gets out of a cab. Walks toward DIANA'S HOUSE. The RENTAL CAR is in the driveway. And there's a goddamn MOTORBOAT parked on the lawn.
It's not shit! It's good!
Then I'm sorry fellas. But we kinda like it the way it is around here. Traditional. Traditional. Like this?
Turns to Diana. Huge grins on their faces. Holy shit!
You know what? The whole world's been hard on me. I don't want to be a chump anymore. You helped me see that. Did I.
You're on my property, kid.
Mmmmm? What's mmmmm? Jeez, you sound fucking terrific. What'd you do last night?
My ears are burning, Andy. Even as we speak, someone, somewhere is calling me an asshole.
Are you kidding? Brace Face, that's the latest. Little bastards.
You're hilarious.      Sit next to the speaker, you'll     get used to it. After a while      you'll be screaming play that     funky music white boy.
Get off my property, mister.
I know how the bastard's mind works. Every lie has eighty percent truth to it. Guy scares me. McCaskey is staring out the window at Hallenbeck. McCASKEY We lookin' at the same guy?
A long time ago, that son of a bitch saved the President's life.
She get many high rollers?
That son of a bitch! He's ready to clean the pimp's clock when Hallenbeck grabs him, spins him bodily. Propels him out the front doors. Away from trouble.
Baynard, huh? What's the matter, you got some kind of beef with the guy?
Well, shit. Looks like somebody beat us to it.
Where the hell are you going?
Thank you, asshole.
Yes, sir, asshole.
Joe, man, you don't get it --
Used to be, you went to the local stadium come Sunday, you saw heroes. Guys who fought for their hometown. Anymore, no one gives a shit. Ever since Sonny Werblin paid $400,000 to Joe Namath back in '66, the sons of bitches just got greedier. Playing only for themselves. Giving nothing back to the game. Pablo hands him a double bourbon.
Baynard? Are you nuts? The guy's so crooked he shits slinkies.
Oh, shit. He rubs tired eyes.
Joe, Goddammit, why didn't you say something?
Glad to hear it. No fuckups, Milo.
If it annoys you, I    could always adopt a Texas drawl,    though I'm afraid I don't know    any stories about fucking pigs.     Sir.
Okay, hot shit, let's do it.
Aw, shit!     Look, it'll take ten minutes!
Jimmy's BOAT ROARS out of the fog... And suddenly he's in a world of shit. Less than fifty yards to port is Milo's yacht. Fifty years to starboard is the Senator's Marlineer.
Left, Goddammit. The boat slews to the left, as, from out of the fog --
Well, Goddamn. How's the head, Lou?
Let's humor this asshole.     What are you talking about?
Shit, Joe Boy, you wasn't bluffing... He draws his gun. Blows out the glass. Reaches in. Opens the car door. Snatches up the briefcase. CUT TO:
Ahh, shit. Looks like the local constable has come to chat.
Shit, Joe... I got all the money
Bloody urchins. Harry eyes a display of ORANGE AND BLACK LUMPS.
It’s a creepy shop. bloke.
HERMIONE
Really? Strapping guy like you, you’ve got a Beater’s build, don’t you think? Keeper needs to be agile, quick -Cormac nabs the FLY between two fingers, kills the BUZZ.
Has a bit of a thing for you, Hermione. Cormac. He’s vile.
Well, it’s true. I like a nice chat before I go to bed. Now you’re always reading that bloody book. It’s like being with Hermione. This time it’s Hermione’s turn to glare.
Stinksap. Burn the whiskers right off yer chin. Trees ‘ere are drippin’ with it. Stinksap? you?
She was cursed.
You called him a slick git not five hours ago.
Hermione’s got nice skin. Wouldn’t you say? As skin goes, I mean.
HERMIONE
HERMIONE
He’s been poisoned, you daft dimbo! And for the record, I’ve always found him interesting. Hermione frowns, a bit embarrassed. stirring.
I'm going to get you iater.
And now...look at us. Celebrating our just approved ten million dollar line of credit. Booking major accounts left and right. And kicking some serious ass.
Anna! Shit... INT.
Boyd. I want you to do a deep-tissue search. Hack into every goddam thing Cyberdyne's got going on over there. Get on it.
•f*~
I don't get it, why the chase? Why'd you run from the Terminator when you had no problem kicking the shit out of it?
You kicked ass back there.
You wanted a wife, kids... you wanted a family... And why the hell not, you've been deprived of one your whole life. Hell, you didn't even have a mother.
Maybe you should quit your whining and get busy.
This chick...she as bad-ass as you?
DO IT, JOHN! FUCKING DO IT! INTERCUT BETWEEN JOHN AND SARAH John steps toward the thick glass and presses his hand against it. Sarah meets his hand with hers.
And you should have that. But, seriously Susan - I’m not the right guy. I hate Valentine’s Day. Least favorite holiday. It’s not even a holiday, really, we don’t get the day off. So we have to go to work AND buy shit for people we might not even know in two weeks? No thanks.
That’s right. So she pushed me aside, and said, “Move, big fella.”
Shocked as hell, he says:
We’d really like to know. Just so we don’t look like fools up there. No man.
I’m gay and I’m gonna play. about that?
I know what bullshit means, son.
0012ld write day■, wh•n my aind'a freah, in•t•ad of just atte.:r dark. Picked your book of! one ot them Vire racks in the Rax•ll,. ju■ t grabbed the tirat book J117hand happened on. I read the first half a do2•n storie1 th• vay up.
1993, in a -g•~ine. baat you by two years, Mr. Bbootar, or whataver yom- name is. I! anybody"s got a bitch abc:iut pl~giaris~, it'I. -· Shooter m.o'18& fa1t, grab• hold of Mcrt' • uppet a:::ms, hu:d, hi•
you want JIiii to.
a aecret window, ai:id it on a aacrat iardaD, It'•
Mort backs
seoond WOlll&ll..This t1-, are auaid of hia, he'1 O,J. in Brentwood.
Don't mess with Libbets. I mean it!
Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?
Hey, that's the president of the goddam United States you're talking about, Wendy!
Lucky bastard!
-- shit, it's my parents.
Fascist!
We were golfing, and you know, golfing to me is something I'm supposed to enjoy, and I was on the goddam golf team in college, so it's something one would assume I do well -- I used to do well -- but basically these days golfing for me is like hoeing, or plowing.
Damn right, but where the hell were you?
Good shit.
Look alive, fellas! the squeeze!
Shit. INT.
Hoo-fuckin'-yah, chief, let's go to the high school. INT. OGDEN MARSH HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT HYSTERICAL SHRIEKS and SCREAMS fill the school. Violent chaos spilling from the classrooms. An EXAMINER runs down a second-floor corridor past a half-dressed LUNATIC roaming the halls in a head bandage.
Scared as hell.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, you guys engineered this crap?! You got any idea what it does to people?!
When the risk is global pandemic? You’re goddamn right. One carrier is all it takes. Nobody leaves. Grim silence. The Intelligence Officer struggles to his feet, leans wobbly-legged against the wreckage, somebody’s husband, somebody’s father, the beaten hero of his own story.
Big son of a bitch. Judy arrives, her shadow falling across Russell who sits up now, semi-lucid, the suckerpunch helping clear his head.
Hoo-fuckin'-yah. And takes off through the field toward the checkpoint. We run with him, immersed in the sounds - the SWISHING GRASS, his POUNDING STEPS, and the ROCK ANTHEM he's singing underButt-Head, wake up, wake up!
Butt-Head!
Huh huh huh. Come to Butt-Head, baby.
Uh, Butt-Head.
Beavis, you butt-munch, this guy wants us to score with his wife. And he's gonna pay us. We can buy a new TV.
Whoa! heh heh. Hey Butt-Head, this chick is pretty cool. She says there's gonna be tons of sluts in Las Vegas! Heh heh heh.
Dammit! Huh huh. That chick wants me.
Uh, tastes like crap. Heh heh. Mmmmm.
Hey Butt-Head, why's that guy holding a sign?
Uh... Buuuuut. Boot. Someone named boot.
That's Butt-Head. Don't you get it, Beavis. These dudes have the same name as us.
What a rip-off. Come on. We gotta find that chick.
Huh huh huh. That chick was talking about doing it.
Hey, Butt-Head, it's her! Heh heh.
Umm,... I don't know Butt-Head. That is a lot of money... Maybe if we close our eyes and pretend he's a chick...
Ow, let go, Butt-Head!
No way butt-hole! I want the window.
Hey, Butt-Head, it's that slut from the plane!
Uh... Head? huh huh. My first name's Butt. Huh huh huh.
Yeah, heh heh. Damn right!
Yeah, heh heh, enough'a this crap.
Check it out Butt-Head, TV!
My butt's bothering me!
Damn! Heh heh hmm heh.
Ow! Cut it out Butt-Head.
Ow! I'll kick your butt!
Hey, Butt-Head, this book kicks ass! There's this talking snake and a naked chick and then this dude puts a leaf on his schlong! Heh heh heh.
Check it out Butt-Head, porta-potties.
Uh, my butt and your...uh, butt.
Oh, ah... You know that guy in whose camper they... I mean that guy off in whose camper they were whacking?
Uh, do you think these two sluts still live in Highland? That would be cool.
Hey Butt-Head, are we gonna die?
Hey Butt-Head, I'm starting to feel weird. I think I'm freaking out.
Whoa!!! This kicks ass!!!
Uh... Huh huh. I have a couple. Butt cheeks, huh huh huh.
that's that dude that's paying us to do his wife.
Hey Butt-Head, look. A jack. Heh heh.
Owwwwww, my butt!!!!!!
Whoa, this kicks ass! Huh huh huh.
Hey Butt-Head it's that chick!
I tell ya what honey, this country's goin' to Hell in a handbasket.
Uh, I probably will, but not you. You're too much of a butt-monkey. Huh huh.
Butt-dumpling...
You already said that, Butt-Head.
Great. I'm all for tha Beat. They sit in silence in the traffic.
They wouldn't care, Clara. If they call your name at the bar and you don't answer, they give your table away. So how about a nut?
Now you can say shit. Phil looks around - they're in the middle of the bridge with no place to run. Then he notices the lit up PARTY BOAT coming out the other side of the bridge beneath them.
Oh, man! You did not just do that! Whew, you gonna be payin' for this!
Because you don't want to haul your ass to the market to buy it yourself!
Excuse me, ma'am, but Security's gonna have my ass if we're late...
PETIE, the sexy hillbilly "chauffeur," now dressed in redneck militant garb and featuring a "Fassbinder" tattoo, steps forward.
Hey kids! Wake up! Let's make a mother-fucking movie! He hits hideously loud alarm button. SPROCKET HOLES leap to their feet and stagger into film production.
Yeah, pay us, cheapskate!
We'll get their little 16mm asses.
You sure can! We sell your tits.
We're gonna get laid!
They aren't giving you shit yet?
My ass. Not after you made me march in the Gay Pride Parade wearing a thong.
Transmitting pussy file now. CHLOE, early 20s, a head turner, confident, funny; she can pull you in like a tractor beam. She and some CUTE FRIENDS carry heavy cardboard boxes toward a table set up for the "Heal The Bay" rally. Ryan walks over like he owns the place.
Damn.
Goddamn it, listen to me! The phone I'm on...it's shattered! There's no dialer! I've been clicking wires together for hours trying to get someone, anyone, and you 're the only connection I was able to make!
Put me in there! I'll waste all them pussies! REVEAL SERGEANT BOB MOONEY -- a tough, fifty-something beat cop who's fighting growing old every step of the way. He rolls his eyes at the situation and takes a bite of PIZZA.
You've gotta chill! You're stressing the crap out of me!
...Ain't that a bitch. As the heavily-muscled workers start running to beat the shit out of him, Ryan floors the gas, sending a shower of wet asphalt all over the cursing workers as he peels away, CRASHING through a FINAL BARRIER. More cautiously, Ryan rounds the next corner and --
Bullshit! Oh, you're good lady. Your friends too. Getting me to scream out 'Ricky Martin' at a boys school. Damn, you really nailed me.
Ryan SLAMS on his breaks and is forced to crawl along at a ainful 25 m.p.h.. Worse, he has his view of the Escalade glocked by the bus' titanic silver ass.
Jesus.'
Jessica...? Answer me, goddamn it I Soon, his voice pierces the suffocating gloom around her and she crawls desperately over to it.
Listen dude, this woman's in serious --
Jessica?!     Jessica?! As Ryan goes mental, a CAR PASSES HIM on the opp9site side of the road -- a new Cadillac XLR convertible! Inside is an appropriately asshole-ish looking guy. He could only be the British Asshole.
Holy shit, Jessica, these guys are cops!
Put on a big ass Ronald McDonald smile, apologize to the kid and the woman and bring 'em to the Santa Monica pier.
Let's solve the goddamn thing.
There you are! Where the hell were you! ?
Hey man, your shitty day is about to get a whole lot shittier. Ryan flips open his phone and on the SCREEN plays the SECURITY FOOTAGE of the murder in the parking lot. We see that Ryan must've copied the DVD with his videophone.
I'd fuck Elvis.
Naw man, I don't be eatin' that shit.
This isn't a complete set; when I was five I swallowed the pomegranate one. I never shit it out, so I guess it's still there. Loverdoll, why don't you be a sport and go get us some beer. I want some beer.
Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too?
Isn't she the sweetest goddamned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what?
It's about that pimp that was shot a couple of days ago, Drexl Spivey.
Shit, are you behind. Me and Robin got a divorce six months ago. Got myself a new place - mirrors all over the bedroom, ceiling fans above the bed. Guy'd have to look as ugly as King Kong not to get laid in this place. I'm serious, a guy'd have to look like a gorilla.
This is Dick's number in Hollywood. We don't know where we'll be, but you can get a hold of me through him.
Hi, Dick here.
Heeeellllloooo baaaabbbbbyyyy!!!
I'm glad. Hopefully that will clear up the how-full-of-shit-I-am question you've been asking yourself. Now, we're gonna have a little Q and A, and, at the risk of sounding redundant, please make your answers genuine.
The oriental in black. He's an assasin. Now, at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops' asses. Now, while keepin' them at bay, he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a getaway car that was waiting for him.
Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass?
Sonny kicks ass.
My pimp.
You have a pimp?
A real live pimp?
This motherfucker sounds charming!
Thank you. I wanna see you again too. And again, and again, and again. Bama, I know we haven't known each other long, but my parents went together all throughout high school, and they still got a divorce. So, fuck it, you wanna marry me?
Well. That makes us practically related. Bring your ass on in.
Pussy love pink rocks.
No thanks? What does that mean? Means you ate before you came down here? All full. Is that it? Naw, I don't think so. I think you're too scared to be eatin'. Now, see we're sittin' down here, ready to negotiate, and you've already given up your shit. I'm still a mystery to you. But I know exactly where your ass is comin' from. See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself, "This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world. Who know? Maybe he don't. Maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin', he just sit down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV." See? You ain't even sat down yet. On that TV there, since you been in the room, is a woman with her titties hangin' out, and you ain't even bothered to look. You just been starin' at me. Now, I know I'm pretty, but I ain't as pretty as a couple of titties.
Naw, man, it ain't white boy day.
Fuck you! My mother was Apache.
Look, buddy, I realize I'm layin' some pretty heavy shit on ya, but I need you to rise to the occasion. So, drink some more wine. Get used to the idea, and get your friend to the phone.
Look, Dick, I don't -
No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all. Actually, I'll tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes: I gotta friend in the department.
Do I look like a beautiful blond with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice-cream?
Do I look like a beautiful blond with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice-cream?
He'll talk to you. If after talkin' to you he's convinced you're OK, he'll do business. If not, he'll say fuck it and walk out the door. He also wants a sample bag.
Okee-dokee. It's like this, Krinkle; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding, they walk up to window and the guy's covered in coke. So they bring his ass in and me an' Nicholson go to work on him.
So we got this guy scared shitless and he starts talkin'. And, Krinkle, you ain't gonna fuckin' believe it.
Dick, it's for you. You here?
Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in the car. We can't be late.
Look, Dillinger, Lee Donowitz is not a pimp -
Hi, Dick.
Shut up, both of you, I know what I'm doin'.
This guy's gonna kill him.
Are you Dick Ritchie?
You know, most movies that win a lot of Oscars, I can't stand. "Sophie's Choice", "Ordinary People", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Gandhi". All that stuff is safe, geriatric, coffee-table dog shit.
I have to hand it to you, this is not nose garbage, this is quality. Can Boris make anybody a sandwich? I got all kinds of sandwich shit from Canters in there.
Bastards. That's why I always eat at Lawreys.
That's why it doesn't come across as ass-kissin', because it's genuine, and he can see that.
the only Asians in the place.
the man's head and chest ... A RUSH OF GUARDS descend. He TAKES A FEW OUT before DOG-PILE his ass to the ground ... 17
He had a row in a black club.
Just stand behind me, I'll give you the ball and you run for the far end of the field. Fellas, recruit. so take
Wrong, Dim Sum. Your ass staying right here. Han whirls
One of the baddies maniacally pumping absolute antithesis
Smithers sits back in his chair.
Slazenger Seven.
This is a Slazenger Seven. Goldfinger takes it.
We see the entire tableau -- Bond unconscious, Kisch beside him and Goldfinger looking on. FADE OUT. FADE IN: INT. JET PLANE - FLYING - DAY Bond lies sleeping in a seat. We hear the hum of the engines. He comes to and looks up, surprised. BOND'S POV - PUSSY GALORE She is out-of-focus, then comes into focus peering at him. She smiles. INTERCUT - BOND AND PUSSY
My name is Pussy Galore.
Uh, just a drink. A martini, shaken, not stirred. Mei Li bows to him and walks off. Bond looks at her butt then swivels in his chair to face Pussy.
Bond hears Pussy's voice over a speaker. snifter. Mei Li stands in b.g.
Thank you. Mei Li descends the steps. Bond follows. PAN with them. She starts talking to the two Koreans. PAN back to the plane. Pussy descends the steps. A coat hangs over her arm.
Of course. Bond strolls to the entrance to the hangar and looks outside. As Pussy approaches him, Bond looks up at the sky. BOND'S POV - PUSSY'S FLYING CIRCUS Five planes fly in a V-formation. Bond keeps looking up. The planes now fly in a circle. Pussy arrives at Bond's side.
Tomorrow at dawn, the Flying Circus of my personal pilot, Miss Pussy Galore...
Solo, Goldfinger, Pussy and Bond.
Goldfinger, Pussy and Bond.
Where's this old pal of yours heading?
Right. PAN on the Thunderbird as it drives on. Then the pickup truck comes down the other side of the road. PAN on it into the other direction. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. PATIO OF GOLDFINGER'S PLANTATION HOUSE - DAY Pussy sits at a table with Goldfinger. juleps in front of them.
Thank you. The servant moves off. Pussy and Goldfinger.
We were quite right to spare Mister Bond's life in Switzerland. If those gentlemen are his friends, let us convince them he needs no assistance. For their benefit, Pussy, let's make him as happy as possible. I suggest you change into something more suitable.
As you said he had a pressing engagement. As Goldfinger reaches the back of the truck, Pussy emerges through the front door of the house wearing casual clothes.
Pussy laughs.
Bond and Pussy walk casually across the grounds toward a stable.
He's quite mad, you know. Pussy keeps looking at him. Bond turns to the entrance to the stable. Well, now.
Double-o-seven seems to have the situation well in hand. Come on, I'm bushed. Let's get back to the motel. They turn away toward the Thunderbird. INT. STABLE - DAY - SAME TIME Bond paces in front of Pussy.
You've asked for this. She hurls him with a Judo move. He summersaults and lands on his butt in hay. He looks back at her. She exhales. Pussy walks up to him.
Bond and Oddjob watch the chopper land. Goldfinger emerges from the chopper wearing a brown overcoat and a scarf, followed by Ling carrying a small box. Pussy is in the pilot's seat, all in white. Goldfinger walks up to Bond.
A glowing dot drops from 8,000 to 5,000 feet. EXT. PLANE - SAME TIME It keeps diving. INT. COCKPIT - SAME TIME Bond looks at Pussy.Bas anyonehere ever seen a monster? And if he has any doubt in his voice, hidinq it. Be hoes onto Windsclitter
primitive little
Damn right
the fat-ass could run any
Well, womenareIpretty smart. I've discovered.
Whaddya got?
Well, shit.
The screen goes BLACK.
Goddamnit, who's leading these people around?! Someone's behind the Wizard of Oz! He turns and spots something: A SURVEILLANCE CAMERA in the window of a 7-11. Starts MOVING toward it.--
Blackhawk flight, we're on a DHS pri-one mission to the Pentagon heliport. FAA will confirm, over. Morgan just wants to get the fuck down there -- finally:
-- oh shit... she's upping the water pressure --
Eyes up, Hoss.
I’m star-struck. DATELINE did a whole hour on her once. I watched it five times. She’s the shit. INT. GUEST BEDROOM - ROBERTS HOUSE - NIGHT Sidney enters the guest bedroom. She goes to her open suit case and finds lotion. She hops up on the bed and gets comfortable. INT. JILL’S BEDROOM - ROBERTS HOUSE - NIGHT
Charlie’s being a dick.
He drops that, “Tisch”, like it’s gonna get him laid.
No, but if it’s your last day before retirement -- you do. Or if you’re a rookie and just found out your wife is pregnant -- you do. Or if your partner is better looking than you -- you do. Hoss looks in the rear-view mirror to judge his looks.
Hoss gets out of the car.
Anything. But no torture porn, shaky cam, docu-horror, mangatechno, 3D or PG-13 shit-ola.
man. Whatever.
They don't look. They spread the word around and some guy spots them and calls up. These schmucks couldn't find anyone by looking. They can't even read street signs.
There is a pause.
Then how come you're black.
Leave him alone. Get your hands off him.
Listen, don't stand down there and. nag me. It's. a. big gate·. r have to think this thing thru.
Well, don't steal them off someone else's grave. It's two feet away, schmuck. Someone will see them and put them back.
We gotta give him the benefit ·of the doubt. He ' s with a lunatic. Nick Godolin could decide at the last minute to stop off and get laid.
You mean him and Jack Diamond just got together and made up a story like that out of nothing? Jesus, they would be real bastards to do that.
You are Young Masbath...
These are ravings...If money's not doin' it for ya, what is? 'Cause ya know all them people around you is there 'cause of the money, when that's gone, they gone too - You knowin' what ya need since you was ten, since ya walked yourself in here alone.
Why ya doin' that? - Why ya pushin' my hand?
One second they like ya, next second you're a bum. Guess that's gravity workin'.
You know this bum?
The last I seen ya, ya were a kid, it's hard to believe ya officially got one of ya own.
Yo, why ya breakin' this guys chops?
Your ol' man's the man!
I was trainin' myself to do things that were uncomfortable, because I knew gettin' used to being uncomfortable might come in handy some day - Like when some sledgemhammer pug is tryin' to flatten parts of ya head an' body.
Jus' makin' conversation.
Yo - Don't be goofin' on ya mother.
Ya very lucky. Ya gotta a mother who loves ya and ain't quittin' ya. So listen to what she says, 'cause if ya listen to what them dumb bell idiots on the street say - You'll end up doin' a lotta wrong, like me.
What're you sayin'. Man, you went all the way.
He dresses like a bum.
It's unfortunate man, but people're in the habit of tryin' to destroy other people. It's the "SJ1ilY. the world is - Stick ya head above the crowd, people try to cut it off. Ain't got nothin' against the man, he's being used, like I'm being used.
Ya hate it.
Yo who put this stuff in ya head?
We got guaranteed fights L.C. We can't give those damn fights away Pay-per-view rejected all of them. With .n.o names, there's no marquee an' nQ money - Think we're lyin' here!
Whatta ya wanna do.
Well, ya really don't know a person's personality 'til ya punch 'em.
Get the hell in there! CUT TO:
You are released from custody.
Your brother, dude--
I meet a lot of killers say the same damn thing. Helen looks at John-- breaking in two-- Wallis goes out into the hall-Helen stares at John-- doesn’t dare ask him-- but:
I'm lucky Jen's not like that.
Why the hell not?
You kiddin'? They try to get ME drunk.
Jesus Christ she got her period. Relax guys. It happens.
You haven't mentioned dating anyone since Mark and, well you're not a lesbian are you?
You use the word "fucking." You're sexualizing things. Stop berating yourself. It's okay to have sex.
I love it when you bite me. Ouch, shit. Damn, that hurt. Spencer turns the light on. He gets a quick look at Frida -her eyes glow like wolf eyes. Frida turns the light off.
It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass.
Right. Shit. Sorry.
Why are you always so vicious to me, Frances?
Copy that. I’m here in the kitchen, and Da-Hae has been infected with a serious case of ‘duck lips.’ If she keeps pouting like that she might actually turn into a duck! She looks pissed, over.
But you always get shitfaced when you mix your drinks, Dad.
He would skitter away like a little cockroach.
I’m a cockroach?
I must be a pervert. I get hard thinking about those cheap, trashy pair of underpants.
What are we going to do? Ki-Tek is silent.
Crane Formation! You know, right? The formation that General Yi Soon Shin famously used during the Battle of Hansan Island. Chung-Sook’s face says, ‘How the fuck should I know.” quickly hides her expression.
I'll bet that boy is hungry. Why don't you all just come onto the truck. Get something to eat. Ain't no need to be such a hard ass.
Swimming? You'll freeze your nuts off.
Come on man, don't do this.
Come on man.
I heard you almost got your ass blown off last night. Some thief. A regular black panther.
You said don't do it, boss.
I've been thinking about getting tattoo. You know, a flower or something. On my ass.
That moron.
They were all French guys.
Yeah, French guys from France.
She's not here, man.
No you didn't, dude. You were bangin' Sophie. I saw you guys going at it.
C'mon man, I think she's having an affair.
I can see that. The man's car you stole. Raphael Ruiz. He's head of the 19th Street gang and one crazy motherfucker. And Frankie Zammito's got the word out he's looking for some French dudes. You're French ain't ya?
Whatever.
The kind with out neck.
What are you saying, Macon? you saying you're connnitted?
It was his night to take my- car and he went to a party in Cockeysville and coming home he crashed into a guardrail.
Don't fuck up.Shitballs, where is it? Chloe stops, reaches into her jacket pocket, and pulls out a red scarf. Relieved, she DASHES out of the room. 3
I won’t disappoint you. My dad always says if you’re not here to win, get the hell out of Kuwait. 7
I’m kidding. It’s just your ol’ man trying to make a funny.
You’re a weirdo.
My fellow aca-people. As most of you know, it is a make or break year for the Bella ladies. But make no mistake. We will not let egotistical, big-headed, garbage dicks, whoever they may be, get in our way.
Livin’ the dream! I still can’t believe they let my fat ass in.
You’re no panty-dropper yourself, chief.
Ooh, click on “Guy pukes on Cat.”
We better have our shit together
IT FEELS LIKE THE FIRST TIME/ IT FEELS LIKE THE VERY FIRST TIME/IT -Beca jumps in, LOUD, rapping Blackstreet’s “No Diggity.”
SHORTY GET DOWN, GOOD LORD BABY GOT EM UP OPEN ALL OVER TOWN STRICTLY BIZ, SHE DON’T PLAY AROUND Fat Amy joins her.
Beca could nail that shit! All but Aubrey agree with, “Yeah!” and “Do it, Bec!”
I’m not going to hit you, dude.
That sounded so queerballs.
Yes, proud of you, ya weirdo.
Maybe. But you're not putting any shit in me this time.
Who ain't?
Like hell I do.
Those damn patients are coming back. You'd better climb aboard.
I use the eye and the music to scare em off. They're so whacked out, man, it works great. Chased a whole bunch of em right off the edge there a few months ago.
I own this whole place. Used to work here in the old days. I was right in this room when the big one hit. What a mess. We were waist high in shit.
Stop the damn car.
You're coming out of it, Snake. It hurts real bad.
Man against the sky. The individual. Freedom. No wonder they hate you so much in America, Snake. You remind them of what they used to be.
You ain't doin' so good, Snake. You need help.
Yo', man. It's a big one.
Talk, you little gringo!
Where the hell is he going?
What are you doing, Snotlout?! They're going to win now!
Yeah! The Black Sheep! Snotlout sighs, frustrated.
Or at least the guy they work for is. Dargo Bloody Fist or something.
A beautiful moron.
Toothless, stay.
Me likey.
I don't know. You just keep doing what you're doing. Keep crankin'...
I'll show you around when we've got this damn bed moved.
She's so damn... English.
Ssh. Don't want babe to hear.
Where the hell did you come from?
Will you GO, damn you?
I can soljer with any man.
Hole up 'at noise. This man's hot as a forty-five shootin downhill.
How you think I can do my job if the Mess Sergeant takes sides with a goldbricking KP? What do you think I am?
We workin our tail off. They runnin us to death. Hot stuff! Comin through hot stuff one side!
You look awful tard, kid.
Don't throw it, Prewitt. It might break on my head. And that would cost you one thin dime next Payday.
Hey! What you gonna do, marry this guy? Way you grinnin at him you look like his wife!
Some day you get sense in your dumb head, Prewitt, you be up here instead down there!
Clean up dis mess, Prewitt!
Clean up, Prewitt!
What's the matter with you, Prewitt? You know better than to talk back to a non-commissioned officer.
... it's in regulations. You've got a right to complain. You've got a right to take your case to the Inspector General. Any soldier has, even a plain dogface.
No it ain't! This man's in my Compny an I'm responsible for him. And you ain't makin two weeks extra paper work for me by killin him. Nor him you. Put that knife down!
Come on, barrelbelly. Ain't you comin?
I been in a crap game in the latrine. I win twenty bucks.
Maggio, you nut. Get up. Wake up. 83.
CAMERA SHOOTS from behind a man seated at a desk. Prominent in shot is a wicked-looking chopped-off hoe handle lying on the desk. Maggio enters, recognizes the man. He walks, up to the desk, his face set in defiance. Music is rising in a fearful crescendo. CAMERA PANS just enough to REVEAL desk sign reading: "SERGEANT OF THE GUARD." The man stands up and the music stops abruptly.
his eyes following a movement of Fatso's hand.
A thirty-year man is movin all over, goin all the time. Up to now I never thought a thirty-year man had any business to think of gettin married.
Okay -- I'm a private no class dogface soljer. And the way most civilians look at it, that's two steps up from no thin.
Fatso's workin him over with a hoe handle. Places where it won't show mostly. You know, the back and the chest. The kidneys. Once in a while in the face. Know what Maggio does when that happens? Spits in Fatso's eye.
Your guess is worth mine, sam. Maybe he's crackin a little at that -- cause after Fatso put him in the Hole -- that's what they call solitary -- a couple times he began talkin about how he's gonna e- scape. He said to tell you he'll look you up one of these nights.
This ain't no rassle, Ike. You got to fight this man fair.
looking up at Galovitch.
`e begun it. Prewitt done nothin.
Don't you know you got to look out for this man. Get him off the road before you run him over. He's the best stinkin soljer in the Compny. 119.
You heard me. Get this man to some safety. Why, he's the best stinkin soljer in the Compny.
staring down at Maggio.
Yeah, Fatso.
Lissen -- there's a kid in our outfit named Prewitt... Robert E. Lee Prewitt... He came in from the States about a year ago. I thought he was a fresh punk at first... until I got to know him a little. He's AWOL right now -- probly in some kind of real trouble -- he ain't the kind to go AWOL
Ah, nobody'll ever know which of us got that guy.
That guy ain't no soljer -- he dint HALT --
You mean I won’t be seein’ your ass in a bikini any time soon?
I ever tell you guys ‘bout the time my uncle screwed Stevie Nicks? Bullshit. Seconded.
Well, my wife liked flowers when she was still around. So she put Cottage roses in our bedroom and big palm leaves in the bathroom. Makes you feel like you’re takin’ a shit in the Amazon Jungle. How ‘bout yours?
I think she’s one’a the Moughan girls from St. Dot’s.
Kevin’s an asshole, too.
Well I ‘preciate you thinkin’ of
Don’t be all butt-hurt cause he dropped some knowledge.
You’re takin’ me out!?
You likin’ the new job?
You talkin’ to me?
If I make you team captain are you gonna chew Chubbs’ ass out next time he doesn’t go back-door? Brandon chuckles. Yes or no?
Good. Cause we sure as hell need ya.
Why you doin’ that?
He liked those uhh -- whudda they call those figures? -- Muscle Men.
No, seriously, if you're dressed nice and you act like you gamble a lot, they give you free shit.
The trick is to look like you don't need it, then they give you shit for free.
Blacks?
No. Blacks will be fine.
Don't give me that shit. You know exactly how much you lost. What'd you drop?
Okay, Tee's the asshole, but Mikey's the big winner.
A couple of high rollers like you?
Whatever.
Tee, girls don't go for me the way they go for you.
Hey Sue. Gretsky's on his ass again.
They're a bitch team... SCORE! Roenick!
I wish the game still had fights so I could bitch-slap Wayne.
...piece of shit. Listen, Charles, this is my friend Rob from Back East.
Big butt... you know, can't fly coach.
We ran into them that night at Roscoe's. Tee cleared it up, I apologized, bought them some chicken and waffles. They fuckin love Tee. That boy can talk.
Don't sweat it, man. I needed a kick in the ass. We're better friends for it.
Don't give me that! She liked you, man.
She says she wanted to tell you but her English is shit. And no one speaks Russian, it's very hard for her. The light please.
We are Russian.
Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.
Whatever.
Goddamn, man!
I couldn’t believe it when I heard. Good standin’ family man, calm as Gentle Jesus, he was a good lad. And these bloody gangbangers, they take it all with a senseless, random act!
My ass ’on the house!’ Eddie laughs and hastily exits. and greets Jack.
Mostly just to scare them. Cheaper than computers, believe it or not. Can’t be havin’ that shit and turn a respectable profit. Jack nods.
Jesus Christ! Jack! hell have you been?
Awww, Jack, don’t get into that crap right now. Race starts in seven minutes. Make your case. Jack refers to all the media coverage of Sweet Di.
Big Mike the driver wields a FLAMETHROWER. pistol in hand. Holy shit! insanity!
A shill is a bloke that casinos bring in to keep high stake games going strong. You see, casinos want games to go on as long as possible so they can grab a bigger cut since there is no house. They especially loved Jack because he used his own money.
But then one day he got stupid. He marked an ace with a dirty fingernail, the cameras picked it up, and Jack got banned from Nevada for life. Jack smiles and reflects on his past. Holy shit.
Jesus Christ, Jack! He’s not involved in that shit anymore! He helped save our home and gave Frank a job! We were going to lose this house and Cliff loaned us the money to save it! Jack’s look is interrupted by his CELL PHONE.
Said you were old chums. Wanted to know where you were stayin’. ’Old chums.’ of words.
Stay outta the --
Not your whole damn
Who’s Thorpey, goddamit!?
You mean sweating like a pig in the summer and freezing your tits off in the winter? The two laugh.
Police! Open up! INT. DOWNSTAIRS GARAGE - BOXTER PORSCHE Jack pulls out and hauls ass down the street. CUT TO: EXT. STREET - PORSCHE Jack and Geraldine pull up to an apartment complex.
He grins like he’s going to get laid.
The problem isn’t Jodie. It’s your goddamn laziness. Try and understand... the object is for them to take control of her. We don’t want them claiming fucking entrapment. But at the same time, I need to see their faces.
Next up, who’s gay?
... After what is going on in La-La- land with all those surface cracks, I told myself: Get your stupid ass to Yellowstone. I don't want to miss all the great fun, when it finally blows...
Well, something like this could only originate in Hollywood, Ha-Ha! But seriously, they've got the earth cracking under their asses already, Bill.
Call your kid, you stubborn old ass.
You sound like Anheuser.
Put that woman down Helmsley.
So I go after this guy, and catch up to him pretty quick, cause he's a big fatso and can only jog for like 20 paces before stopping to catch his breath. And, you know, I ask him nicely to come back with me, and he says 'fuck you'. So, I just follow him, for hours, just walking, 8 feet behind him. Eventually, he hops on a bus, and I follow. So, we ride the bus. We get off the bus. We get on another bus. And at this point, I can't think of anything else but whatever the hell those tacos are doing in my bowels, I mean, my leg is bouncing, sweat is running down my face. So I make up my mind, fuck this, I have to get off at the next stop or I'm going to lose it in my shorts right in front of all these people. And just as I make that decision, Wesley leans his big-ass head over to me from across the aisle and says very calmly, "I'm getting off at the next stop, and if you get off too, I'm going to rip your fucking balls off and feed 'em to you." No way.
But, I had no other choice, so I stepped off the bus. And as soon as my feet touched the ground, it was like a knot in my asshole untied and that fiesta in my stomach came pouring down my legs.
Sorry, your penis.
Oh man, that's so great. Jayden grabs the sketchbook from the bed and closes it. That's shit.
No one forced you to look, pervert.
Naw man, you don't want to start this shit, really.
Shit, here we go. Grace heads toward the commotion with Mason and Scott in tow. She passes Jess.
me fat ass!
Before my mom died, I asked her why my dad was like that. Why he did those things to us...and you know what she said? It was because of the way his parents treated him...like it wasn't even his fault. Like he was excused because they fucked him up. Grace thinks about that again.
Yeah, I looked it up, you little jerk. Grace laughs and leans into him.
At least an hour. I'm still flushing out the shit from our last trip. Carver glances across the ramp, to where Alexander is waiting for Malcolm, intently reading a graphic novel.
Do me a favor, just get the goddamn trucks working. We have to get up there before dark.
You are one ugly sonuvabitch, aren't you... PUSH TIGHT ON KOBA - what's he going to do?? He stays frozen a beat longer, holding their scared expressions fearlessly... ...and then suddenly does the most un-Koba like thing we can imagine: he sticks his tongue out and makes a ridiculous
I think he likes you. Shut up...
You can be a real jerk sometimes.
You’re such a downer, Guy.
This jerk again.
Man in black business suit. Old lady in shawl. Chubby dude. Hipster mustache. Slob in a wife-beater. They all say ONE PHRASE to each other as Guy walks past. Hey!
You’re acting cuckoo right now, Guy. Even for you. Guy looks around the room and spots THE HOT GIRLFRIEND OF THE DOUCHEBAG in the corner booth. Guy opens his notebook and eyes an empty box on his list, “GET LUCKY.”
This is my bank, bitch. The robber’s duffle bag hits the ground and... THROUGH GUY’S POV: DOZENS OF CASH WADS fly across the floor. He walks through them and BLOOP-BLOOP-BLOOP! His money count jumps through the roof. Guy glances in an ORNATE DECORATIVE MIRROR and the Level number above his head ticks up to:
You’re that newb.
Well, we were sorta together for a long time. I basically supported him while he worked on the game and the second he got funded, he split. Dumped me on my ass and started dating a Victoria’s Secret model. Would only talk to me through lawyers.
Shaddup! Let the guy speak! The crowd silences.
Don’t look so down, fellas. get ‘em next time.
Shit just got real. Antwan.You soloists come in and just sing a few arias. We sing the entire bloody opera.
Balls!
Holy hell.
Hey listen douchepants. You're not gonna tell me anything I don't already know about illness. I need one thing and one thing only from you before I walk out of your life and that's for you to tell me what happens to your goddman characters!
I will. Better than any shit that drunk could write. With blood and guts and sacrifice. You'll love it. Hazel nods, then wipes away tears. She fakes a smile and Gus gives her a hug. Afterwards:
Goddamn it, Gus.
You didn't ruin our trip, you asshole. We had an awesome trip.
Come on, Butch... show your pretty face...
Man-oh-man, this place is one hell of a skeeze-pad.
Hold your horses, sweetpea. We need Butch Cassidy alive, remember? Shit.
Hey, squirt! Goddamn, it's good to see you. How you been?
I worked my ass off for my badge, Kittle, It's the only thing that makes me different from every other slob out there.
Why the hell are you calling me here? EXT.
Kittle hunkers down.
'Scuse me, fella... I need to see your invitations. Or what?
That's our names, don't wear'em out. Eve laughs, so stoned. She puts the needle aside. gropes her face and they flick tongues together.
Every person's got their own kinks, beef-cake.
common knowledge that in the Battle of Little Big Horn, Custer was drunk off his ass.
Gimmie a butt.
thru the roof and kill the Redcoated thugs, swiss-cheesing them!
Damn.
Jesus, kid.
I was wrong about you kid. You may not have much, but what you got, you got a lot of. You could get any girl.
Ah, shit.
Jack Jeebs? Guy buys from chain snatchers. Doesn't even sell guns.
Don't tell me we've only got that powdered shit for cream again?
All right. I'm in because there's some next-level shit going on around here, and I'm with that. Before you beam me up, there are a couple of things we need to get straight. You chose me 'cause you recognize the skills. So as of now you can cease with all of that calling me "son" or "kid" or "sport." Cool?
Yo, wussup with Zed?
You're up, Slugger.
Rosenberg. Damn. Good man.
The bug in the Edgar suit! The ugly redneck from the picture! That's him!
Because all we have to do is walk in and get a cat, it's not that hard. But if you go in, you're gonna lay your Jack Webb on her and flash your brain ray in her face and she's gonna end up with leukemia or some shit. The woman's a doctor, she doesn't need you erasing half her med school classes. Take me five minutes.
They're all gone. Frank the Pug took the last ship on the planet.
Fellas.
You want a piece of this, huh?! Maybe you're a badass in your hive, but this is New York City. You're just another tourist here!
Keep Buggering On.
Put it on the radio, we’ll have the press down here like flies on shit. Let’s keep a lid on this til we’ve spoken to Sarah Carter.
Goddamned gold mine.
Greg- Jesus.
Fuckin’ mazeTaking a breath, Juno catches her reflection in the blade of her pick: she puts her hand to her face. She looks haunted by herself, then her face hardens as she seesJUNO Bootprints. Juno measures the print against her boot. Marginally bigger.
Three mad bitches. INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS The cave floor is dangerously unsecure: deep collapsed holes in places, a thin crust of rock in others. Juno, in the lead, tests the ground in front of her, prodding it with her pick handle. It smashes straight through the crust, revealing an endless deep drop below.
The keys. Realising he’s fucked, Vaines fumbles for the keys. Finally gets them. But the first crawler BITES into his arm. He drops the keys. They fall into the darkness.
Oh, why don't you just say it Ming Ming?! I'm the worst toy maker in the whole world! I'm a cotton-head ninnymuggins!
Oh, you're not a cotton-head ninny muggins! We all have different talents, that's all. BUDDY
See? You're not a cotton-head ninny muggins. You're Extraordinary!
I'm going to take five, okay Krumpet?
can't. Go see him. Hug him. And play catch. And scratch your ass.
For that special someone? Hmmm... A HARD-ASS ELF MANAGER walks over.
Why're you messin' with me? Did Krumpet put you up to this?
This is Santa Land, not stand-around-andwear-pointy-ass-shoes land. Get busy. Santa's here.
Finger prick!
Could you at least lose that damn hat?
You didn't tell me you had Elvises working here!
Gee whiz, we're all laughing our butts off.
hear the damn thing
That's quite enough little fella.
Yes. My kids are miniature. And my son actually came out with the Starbucks logo burned into his ass like a cattle brand.
It’s fine. He was a dick. Marlo’s sudden laugh is a GOOFY BARK. She covers her mouth.
I know you think this is some bougie thing that rich assholes do. And maybe it is. But remember, I wasn’t always a rich asshole.
I grew up in the same shitty house as you, with the same shitty parents and that shit-brown Buick on the lawn. And I’m telling you-for the sake of your kids-- get over yourself and call her. He reaches into his pocket and hands her a folded-up piece of paper.
An assload.
I don’t have boobs, Marlo.
I’m the office manager at a company that makes protein bars. I have a useless degree in Philosophy, so now I write emails letting people know they can’t wear Crocs on “casual Friday.” Or sometimes, you know, I’ll make a sign for the ladies room that says “Please stop flushing tampons. Your bitchmissiles are clogging the pipes. XO, Marlo.” It’s deeply fulfilling.
You, on the other hand-- you could wear the shit out of it. She gives Tully an awkward once-over. Tully raises an eyebrow, inspired.
One, two, three. I’m gay.
You finally got a woman with all her teeth. Mike grins.
It was dull as hell.
Nobody’s screwing anything up.
I hear you, lover-boy. Just take it easy with the poetry there. It’s a little gay.
The deal is done. All you have to do is decide if you’re in or out. The Investors are impressed. Suddenly the ASSISSTANT enters, WHISPERING in Englander’s ear.
You’re nuts.
And I want that thief off my building!
Man always said he didn’t do it. Maybe he didn’t. Anyway, vato’s got cojones, you know? 171
Dougherty, pull her out of there.
Like a pain in my arse I bet.
Stealing the ends of penises.
No cutting penises off?
You’re not a Nazi.
You’re not a Nazi.
Ummm... shitty. It’s fun at first but then it’s really scary. Hans, that big asshole from Jungvolk training, he got killed about a week ago. His head got shot off. I saw it - SHOT OFF! And he was still standing holding his gun and then he did a little dance like this. Yorki shimmies on his feet for a second. Silly.
He blew his brains out?
If I were bigger and more agile I’d kick your damn head off. Adolf steps backwards, wary, a little scared.Before you came along, we Bagginses were very well thought of.
You know, an unhooked damn close to heaven.
craziest
the craziest Tom?
Tom. People change every day. You hear people talk, and !lank Quigley was the nicest man in town before the war. But what happened over there sure as hell changed him. It
never be slck of you, to check you out.
know gravediggers
TORRINO
TORRINO
Well, I did a little digging afternoon. Tom.... You don't fellas, do you?
No. You don't. You did good. You come to a situation likg that, him or you, and there's no easy way out.
a jerkz,? That's
This man Torrino
much about what family meant. It's nothing more than a word and it don't mean shit unless you fill it with love and commitment. You and Tom here ... It looks like you done that.
Torrino
man doesn't his children a made up name.
You sound just like my father. But you know something, Tom? For all his shit, all that evil crap he dished out to my mother and me ... He never pretended to be anything but what he was. The only person he ever lied to was himself.
goddam, Edie.
Whatever.
Males, fifteen and under.
She's a real nut on smoking anywhere near the kid.
Get out of my way.
Get out of my way.
Get out of my way.
Very fuckable.
We look like jerks eating here this early. Everybody's going to think we couldn't get a reservation for the hot hours.
Excuse me, we're working our shit out... I'm sure it happened to you... you know, private stuff in public.
Look at me. I love an African American.
Look at me. I love a little redneck.
You little stinker!
You can't do this. We won't allow it. 'SMORE
Danny! This had J;,etter·fucking work! She .l,egins climbing up the smokestack rungs, filthy with soot. The coiled rope around her shoulder, the anaconda at her heels. 137You know where I am? I’m at a service station. I’m turning the fucking van round. I put the other lads out on the hard shoulder. I was halfway home.
It’s the same but more of it. You just do the same but for longer. Check it, slump it, send it back if it’s piss and pump it if its right.
Donal will handle it. man.
But, Gareth, I have made a pledge to myself that I will not allow the pour to fuck up.
I got breakfast tickets for the concrete farmers and the shutter boys are done bar the fucking about with clips. I asked Albanian Alby to test the pumps on the Argylle side and he said they’re pissing it out.
Ok, you have the phone numbers of the plants. Call them now Donal. Call every one of the bastards and get them to repeat the order. C6 on the nose or we send the trucks back. Seriously. Those bastards will fuck you up with water in the gulleys if it rains tomorrow.
I ticked off each response after the fuck you’s and piss offs and it came to six and a half thousand cubic metres.
What about retardant?
You know Ivan in all the ten years I’ve worked with you, I’ve never known you to fuck up.
I know. Sean, I need you to do me a favor. There’s been a cock up and I need to speak to someone. In my blue coat in the kitchen there is a notebook. There is a phone number of somebody called Cassidy who works for the council clerk of works. I need the number...
I’m in a bloody Indian restaurant.
The re-bars in the shuttering in pit six. They wouldn’t hold a kittens fart. The fucking mavericks from up north we put in at the last minute.
Can't you come to the damn airport?
Pretty nifty, huh?
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
Baby wants to fuck.
Get off me.
I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall. It's an act of defiance.
He was blown away man, can't you see?
Suave. Goddam are you suave, you fucker. You want some beer?
Shit Ben! How the shit are ya?
Cheers. Suave man. You're so fuckin' suave. WE LOVE BEN! Here's to Ben!.
EXCUSE US por favor! Hey. Let Tits see her kid.
He hasn't fired a shot for six minutes. Maybe we got him. Get on the radio. Get Detective Williams. Ask him if we can rush the son of a bitch.
Fi ni s he d ea ti n ' , hav e t he y?
TOM CTWCY..LING ;:r, r, THE fiH.'fLE,',
Now then, when you Baw these girlB croBsing the creek did you recognise any of them?
How aould IJ I've onl y been in Australia about three wee ks and I haven't met any young la.dies-•-
There's a gent leman wants to see you, Ma 'am.
• • • • so I'm buggered i f I'm gunna be a Zackey at a bloody garden party.
I'll take 1:t, young feller. I've had thrity years experience fitting 'em in so they don't spill out on the road.
SAYS NOTBI.JG.
This case might have you puz Sergeant. It has me absolutely bushed.
In the Sydney brothels.
Mam 1 seZZe told me to bring it up toyer. She said you've got to be a good girl and eat it aZZ up.
SHE CLOSES THE FRQNT DOOR.
Yer never know what she's gunna do next.
No, no ihank you.
Piss anyone off lately?
a tough older black guy, sits on a stool filling out shipping labels. The cuff of his Dickies has ridden above boot top to reveal a prosthetic leg. He looks up at Brian, gives him an angry stare.
You a 'neck?
For Harry? No, I'll call him. You're fired. Don't come back. You do, you're stupid. Serious ass shit. Brian wipes trickling blood from his neck. Mia. Who though unhappy for Brian, knows triumphs. Brian thinks different. Fixes look, intense and hopeful. Me and it? Dominic expense;
a druglord.
Toretto's a psycho, beating a guy half to death and all.
Sweet ride. Big ass intercooler. What'cha running under there? Brian
'cause we somebody.
Got balls?
Dominic nuisance
You saved.my ass.
Food for thought. You're not from Long Beach, yet here you are talking shit.
Then he rolls us to Long Beach, pissing off the locals. They put his ride out of it's misery with a Mac, whole damn clip. Then Sneaky Pete had a Vietnamese Barbecue. That car blew apart like the space shuttle.
We can paperfuck
I'll get the punk who did it. I'll get him.
Stomp the damn brakes!
Yo, Brian. Get your ass right freaking now. Tanner
Checking up on my ass
ain't squabblin'
You gonna
one race in my life. first. My old man beat me bloody night. Never lost a race since. Swear to God.Some jackass is riding my tail. Ellen and the kids look around behind. blows.
Damn.
Layman's terms. None of that inside bullshit jargon that nobody understands.
I'm not sleeping in any damn bunk beds.
Grandma said you're dating fellas. We're gonna have to have a talk.
Somethin'~ ain't it? Falls in a well, eyes go crossed. Gets kicked by a mule, they go back to normal. Eddie slaps Snots on the flanks.
This here is our pride and joy. Snots.
Snots? Get outta there? Go to the kitchen and get something to eat! The dog saunters out of the living room.
Big horns growing right above her ears. Ugly as sin but a real sweet gal and a hell of a good cook.
He's shitting rocks.
The silent majesty of a winter's morn. The clean, cool, chill of holiday air. And an asshole in his bathrobe emptying a chemical toilet into my sewer. She pulls the curtain aside and looks out.
Oh, well, that's the bitch of it, Clark. I don't know what to do. We coasted into town on fumes. Gas money run out in Kankakee.
You know, Clark, if somebody hadda got hit with that thing, it coulda put an eye out.
Deep-fried pussy cat.
You can write that son of a bitch off. Nothin' goes up there and lives to tell about it. Clark and Lewis look back at Bethany. A beat and they scream. The squirrel flies INTO FRAME.
We don't want it to get out of the living room! Give me a coat! Where's Eddie? He eats these goddamn things.
Hold your wad, there, fella. Clark didn't have nothing to do with it. This was my idea.
If you want to come in here, you're gonna have to break down the goddamn door? The door blows off the hinges. Armed officers charge into the room and clamor over the bed to the window facing the Griswold house.
I'm gonna play with my new boobs in there.
Oh, wow, that's pretty cule.
Balls. Vegas.
Sorry. My hands are tied. Sharita's got my dick in a chip-clip.
Ok, Leslie spilled the beans. Le's get our asses over to Sacrifice. What are we waiting for? Wooooooo! Lillian looks at Helen's legs.
Don't tell Perry I bought them,I ordered them from New York. They're insanely expensive. But I gotta tell you guys the compliments I get on my ass make them worth every penny. She sticks her butt out. Lillian slaps it and all the girls laugh. She is the life of the party.
Yeah, four! Holy shit, two fours. One more time, third time's a charm! Annie rolls again. Another four. She ca't believe it!
Oh, Annie, here's your cut of the craps money. Eight hundred bones.
Roller, I can't stand seeing you like this. (to bartender] Get this fine lady a shot!
That is the sexiest think anyon's ever said.
Have you considered the idea that maybe, possibly, perhaps, it's you that makes them shitty? Annie stares at him.
Look, you got to admire his nobullshit approach.
Yes, yes, goddamn it, and then, I know, and then I met you...and we had this ridiculously irrational weekend together and now I...I don't, I don't know where I am.
No me hables asi.
Would you say, then, you are a bisexual?
I was walking Bruno in the country when he lunged for a feral hare in the brush and I tumbled forward. Shit.
I made cookies but I stepped in dog shit.
Jean, damnit, they have the work!
Oh shit, sorry. I'm doing the same thing.
Dad! Did you hear me? Harold doesn't answer. Shit.
There are many available tables. The guy was a real jerk.
That guy was a real asshole.
I let him get away with being a prick.
I was in Madrid when I heard. so damned heartbroken to hear about the old man. Yeah.
Like McEnroe.
nobody likes a dirty
fag, right?
But we sugge~t you leave the punishing to his wife. She seemed pretty P.O.'d.
You know if you're not careful, you're gonna turn into one of those overweight homos with no one to love you but a gerbil named Bruce. EXT. CLARKE'S HOUSE- LATER
We got a nice little here. Don't screw it
want your stupid
Poor Joan. She only has one grandpa and he's a total dick. What are we gonna tell her?
Listen baby, under the iamp in my bedroom I left you some cash. Go ahead and order yourself a pizza.
gonna shit twice
It's a three day trip if we haul ass. By the time Sue-Ann notices I'm gone, I'll already be there. CLARKE
a retard.
up, woman.
I'm not a slut. CLARKE
get you laid.
God Damn door.
Nobody nowhere's has ever hot.
Like you'll never be full, but there's that little teeny tiny bit of hope in our eyes, says maybe it ain't all shit.
I’m your friend, Terry. Phil is your friend - Dannie. This woman you don’t even know her.
Do you know what a Dijon Culverin is?
Hey, my friend!  I'm glad to see your ugly damn face again!
Damn right!
Oh shit!  Jeanne... don't die!
There is only one king of France and that's our liege Lord Henry the Sixth!  It is written in black and white in the Treaty of Troyes -- that you French bastards signed!
Stop screaming like that!  You'll wake up the whole bleedin' castle!I get scared when it gets dark. I’m a wimp.
You’re sick.
hod.ie::;
I coilld
Damn Silent Bob! You one rude motherfucker! But you're cute as hell.
I'm not the pig you are.
You!
Ain't gonna happen, my friend. I'm getting that tape.
Like hell you are!
That girl was vile to you.
Olaf, "Berserker!"
Come on, man, "Berserker!"
Come on, "Berserker!" Girls think sexy.
Did he say "making fuck?"
"Babyface" Bambino? The gangster?
I was in the Food City last year when the same thing happened, different guy though. Stock boy told me that the guy had been looking through the eggs for like half an hour, doing all sorts of endurance tests and shit. I ask the kid how come nobody called the manager, and he says it happens twice a week, sometimes more.
All I'm saying is if you're going to be insubordinate, you should go the full nine and not pussy out when it comes to free refreshments.
I can whip your ass.
The white kind.
Rough, eh? Oh, that stuff rips hell out of my hemorrhoids. Say, would you mind if I took a roll of the soft stuff back there. I see you sell the soft stuff.
Don't be an asshole. Somebody has to stay with the store.
No, because you won't admit to it. As if a guy's a fucking pervert because he tries to go down on himself. You're as curious as the rest of us, pal. You've tried it.
Balls resting on his lips.
I saw one, one time, that said the world was ending the next week. Then in the next week's paper, they said we were miraculously saved at the zero hour by a Koala-fish mutant bird. Crazy shit.
And I remember this one time the damn paper said...
Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.
I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day?
Damn. She sure goes out of her way.
You know, there's a million fine- looking women in the world, but they don't all bring you lasagne at work. Most of them just cheat on you.
You sound like an asshole. Whose choice was it to be here today? Nobody twisted your arm. You're here today of your own violation, my friend. But you'd like to believe that the weight of the world rests on your shoulders-that the store would crumble if Dante wasn't here. Well, I got news for you, jerk: This store would survive without you. Without me either. All you do is overcompensate for having what's basically a monkey's job: You push fucking buttons. Any moron can waltz in here and do our jobs, but you're obsessed with making it seem so much more fucking important, so much more epic than it really is. You work in a convenience store, Dante. And badly, I might add. And I work in a shitty video store.  Badly, as well.
Nothing. I just want her to eat her breakfast and stop playin' with the damn dog.
Where the hell have you been?
Ah shit.
I’m not bothering him. I’m just askin an honest question. What about the chicken and the egg? He knew for sure it was the chicken. Til he thought about it from the egg’s point of view. That really hurt your old noggin, didn’t it, William? He touches William’s back.
Humans can be dreadful cruel. I watch them boys down there in the sands whipping them poor donkeys. Mind you, you’re better off being a donkey than them wretched souls on the slave ships. So, are you familiar with Margate, Mr. Mallard? As a boy.
Expose your breasts.
He’s got a damn fine picture here and he’s made a damn mockery of it.
At least my work does not represent self-portrait as ass.
So I'm to become a nonentity....I tell you what. Fella here before you tried to save money too. You heard what he did. Heh.
Gooood. I knew the fella who was there before. You know about him? Yes.
Americans.
Little bastard! Baumann changes the subject.
Jesus, don't tell Kreuzmann.
Americans.
Krste! Come here, damn you.
Aleks! Is that you, you old bastard!?
Enough of that rubbish now. No one‘s taking over anything.
It's all right with me -- if it's all right with Dave -- He's mad -- His last trip -- Had a row with Harolday, the boss -- Old-timer, Dave -- an' a grumpy old cuss.
I like grumpy old cusses -- Hope to live long enough to be one.
On'y up the street -- an' they cain't walk it -- What's the matter -- don't Easterners have laigs like other folks?
I wonder why a young feller who don't have to wants to come into this God danged country?
Nothin'. Restin' hosses. Git out and stretch yore laigs if you want.
If you wanta eat and stretch yore laigs.
Why, Zeke, you two-legged old coot!
Whar you been all these months?
She ain't got no laigs.
Them's fightin' words, pardner.
Hey, Stan -- don't let 'em hang nothin' on you, you ain't done. They're just a couple of fourflushers -- the pair of 'em, everybody knows that.
Don't act up this ways, Dave -- They's women watchin'.
Git your hands off me --
Sorry to have a ruckus in front of you ladies. Dave's an ornery old cuss when he gets goin' -- No shape to drive on, I'm afraid.
No laigs.
That Rocklin'll kill him for sure.
Now you lookee here, young feller. You go on talking that way and you'll find yourself in trouble.
You ruffian, you!
Yeah. Haulin' freight for ole Pap Fossler. Got a letter here for that crazy galoot, Rocklin.
Who wouldn't be -- livin' with that ole screech owl.
Got to admit though, I feel a mite sorry for the young'un -- nice little tyke.
Caldwell? -- The best -- cantankerous cuss -- but a real cowman, believe me -- He was a big feller, like yourself -- Fact, you coulda passed fer a blood relation, come to think of it.
Oh, yeah -- reckon a pretty poor one, tho' -- still you'd say him and Garvey was friends.
All right, let it go at that. But I got myself to think of. It wouldn't suit me at all just now to have you shown up in public for what you are by that trouble-shootin' cowhand. My advice to you is to get out of the district and stay out.
What's goin' on here -- gang way --
What that ole pelican needs is a good spankin'.
Doggone it -- here Garvey is back in this world -- an' they're out of it.Get to the goddamn ball scores!
Nobody wanders off!  I got an announcement.  Get your asses back in here.
Where the hell is he going?
The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George...
Well, there's a thing about partners, about being somebody's partner.  You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit.  It's the rules set up between the two of you, that's all that counts.  Understand?
Okay.  Well, my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it.  As my partner, I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him.
Okay, next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the Slag store owner blown away last night.
Thirty-five percent pure Methane gas in there.  I don't know how these fellas do it.
Rudyard Kipling?  No shit?
But he didn't figure on you, George. You're going to get me through that wall of silence.  You're going to make them talk to me.  You're going to help me find that Slag son-of-a- bitch.  Comprendo?  And if Fedorchuk and the boys in the bullpen don't like it, screw them... and if the Captain doesn't like it, screw him... and if all the Slags down in Slagtown don't like it... well screw them too!
I can't see dick in here.
Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.  You're a cop.
Through his ass.
It's like having an eleventh finger removed.  It hurts like hell, but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place.
Ignore the bitch on the left, that's Edie.  I call her Edi Amin... This is Kristin, my daughter.  It's kinda an old picture... she's twenty now. Getting married, in fact... on Sunday.
Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer.
No shit, Holmes.  You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes.
You son-of-a-bitch.  You're okay.
I may be an asshole, but at least I'm a real detective, not some outer shit space thing.
No secrets, goddammit!  You don't hold back from me.  Whatever is going on, you're gonna tell me now!
George, c'mon -- lighten up.  It's a beauty of a case.  Don't sweat it -- we got him by the short hairs. He ain't gonna make any more of the shit.
GEORGE!  GODDAMMIT!!
Great. The last writer's retreat I stayed at kind of froze my balls off, you know?
You wanna sack your stylist girl.
We'd say prick here actually. Or wanker.
But it all went tits-up. Land was flogged to a consortium and the house was sold to Londoners; the Drewes.
He's gay, you dobbin.
He doesn't strut; he's a drummer. He sits on his arse.
It's not the ring that matters. I mean fuck the ring. It's just a consumerist piece of zinc. What matters is I want to marry you.
It's my mum's; they don't drink this shit. She hands it to Casey.
Look, there's that bloke my mum works for; Nicholas Hardiment.
Oh come on mum. She's just stirring shit. Tamara's always done that.
Arse biscuits.
Let's go. I'm freezing my tits off.
Me too. Fat arse though, hasn't she?
Big old turd.
Otherwise my whole life'll go by and I'll be washed up and thirty four like my mum and no one decent will ever even have snogged me! Casey is leaving.
It's that ignorant lunk isn't it? That muscle-bound wastrel Andy Cobb.
Right. Now put two sugars in and stir it. OK. That's a decent cup. Which is lucky Jody cos if it had been shit, I'd be on the phone to the extremely scary local cops right now.
Bitch. Tamara looks up.Mind, .I haven't seen yehsi:nce you was a baby, Harry, but yeh' re a bit more along than I woulda e~pected. 'Specially round the J:niddle.
And a thumpin' good 'un, once yeh've been trained up
everyone out of the room.
yeh'd rather
I'm half and haif. Me dad's a Muggle, Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out.
.'Course he's got a riarne~ He's mine. • Bought him off an Irish bloke I met in thP. ~ub las' year. Lent him to Dumbledore to guard the . . • ·· HARRY
Me. Only I'rn .•. Head Boy! And I'm holding the Quidditch Cup and ••. bloody hell ••• I'rn
Go on now. An' Harry? If tha' dolt of a cousin o' yers Dudley gives yeh any grief, yeh can always threaten ter give 'im a pair o' ears ter go with that tail of 'is.Aw Lady, if I looked like you, I'd--
Robard's my client.  I did it for him and his club, not your boys.
Yeah, and it's the truth, to the best of my knowledge.  And, frankly, I'm glad.  For Steve's sake, I'm glad, not yours.  I manage these boys and I got their best interests at heart.  Steve shouldn't get mixed up with no bimbo at his age.
When do these hot-headed boys of yours go on the road?
If you knew Hunsecker as well as I did, you might understand why it's my business.  Maybe you're walking around blind, Frank, without a cane.
Jimmy, I'm on my way inside right now to talk to Hunsecker.  I can promise you -
Yes, with your clients' names attached.  That's the only reason those poor slobs pay you - to see their names in my column all over the world!  Now, as I make it out, you're doing ME a favor!
Look, Manny, you rode in here on the Senator's shirt tails, so shut your mouth!
There's your fat friend.
Say hello to Sidney Falco.  Tickle him - he's been a bad boy tonight. He called you my fat friend.
Neither does Hunsecker.
Then you're really washed up with Hunsecker...?
He keeps company with J.J.'s screwball sister...
Only two men in this town could be responsible for that smear - you or Hunsecker or both.
You see?  Hunsecker's gotta phone ME!
Well, what have I got?  Alimony to a pair of tramps?  They're of no concern to me.  It's you who count, but don't get me wrong - I don't intend to let you break your neck again!
Get away from me.
How is that slob, D'Angelo, your uncle?
That's good.  Now that louse is outa Susie's hair for good.
Take your hands off, Kello...
Miss Hunsecker, if you see him again they might...might kill him.
And this damn thing ••• this is our reminder of what happens when you hitch your wagon to a dud.
are a neanderthal.
DOUGat the
••• six ••• five ••• A FEW YARDSAWAY-- KATE reaches hand off her ass.
yoµ talking about?
WALTERstares
dropping your shouider
him he's got to get more.extension on that Lutz.
I am faggot.
Anton is homosexual.
She is not gay.
Why? You are gay too? DOUG
He didn't screw up out there. He came to skate -- just like he always does -- to skate and win and ta to make something out of all this crap.
ASST.
Harvey. What's with all this political activist crap? I thought you were a goddamn Republican. Harvey walks into the small dining room holding two plates of food. He sets them out on a small dining room table, still rambling on to Scott in the bedroom.
Tell me one thing before you get back to work then. What was it like to be a little queer in Phoenix?
No. That you need to do what you're good at. Be a prick. Fight City Hall. Fight the cops. Fight the people who made you come here to do what you do.
We're down here, on the streets, trying to help people, so where they hell are they?
The more âoutâ you make us, the more you incite them. Step back and quiet down.
You know Harv', your whole rap's a real downer.
Let Rick have it. Nobody thinks you're a fraud here, Harvey. You're not in New York, you're not a closet case asshole anymore. People respect you here. Relax for a year. Get us back on our feet.
They'll split the gay vote. The straights will divide and conquer.
Gentleman, we already have a tinker bell, a lotus-blossom, Jim and Dick in your three-piece suits. We need someone to manage things. A woman this time. She's the right price, and she has bigger balls than any of you.
I'm sorry. Are we distracting you, Mr. Stokes? I'd hate to screw you up on your big night. Dick runs up looking for more fliers. Taking Rick even more off his game, Dick is flirtatious.
my son's christening? I invited a few of the other supes as well.
Do you know a lot of "homosexuals?"
Corey Wares is an out gay--
We're not interested in working with those old Democratic Party shits. THE DOOR OPENS and someone new enters. He's HOLDING THE HAND OF... SCOTT SMITH. They are obviously a new couple.
If we're gonna convince the 90% to give a shit about us 10%... We have to let 'em know who we are.
We're going to tell everyone in the state to come out. Every gay doctor, lawyer, teacher, dog catcher... We have to leave the ghetto, let all those people out there know that they do know one of us. And if people won't step out of the closet, we open the door for them.
We prefer the word "gay," Dan. Just as I'm sure you prefer the word, "Irish-American" to "Mick."
True. But, gay people don't have children of their own. If they don't recruit our children, they'd all die away. That's why they want to be teachers, to encourage our children to join them.
Damien, I think I broke my ass. Is it possible to break your ass?
Not really, mate. I tell you what's intimidating. Filming a seven-foot Hutu warrior who is readylto shove his machete up your ass if you look at him cockeyed.
You can't do that Todd.
Oh,, shit-- can you hang on a sec, D? He switches over,, but it takes a few seconds with the hooks.
Check it out. Dustin Hoffman, Rain Man. Looked retarded. Acted retarded. NOT retarded. He could count toothpicks, cheat at cards. Autistic. Sure. NOT retarded. HANKS'. Forest Gump. Slow? Yes.
Retarded? Maybe. Had braces on his legs, he charmed the pants bff Nixon, and won a ping-pong competition. Peter Sellers, "Being There", infantile? Yes. Retarded? No. He claps a hand on Speedman's shoulder.
I'm actually sort of a war nut. I mean I never was in the service, but for me blowing shit up in a war films is sort of my way of paying tribute to the real deal. And you sir, are the real deal. Nothing.
.Naw, man... I wouldn't think you was a queer.
(acting really "black guy"
What are you guys worried about? These guys are pros. The unions would tear them a new ass-if any of us got hurt. The actors stay down, looking scared.
Dirt flies, the guerillas don't know what the hell is going on =- except that someone is suddenly bombing the shit out of them. They beat a hasty retreat.
That was some sick shit! I wasn't even thinking bout the camera! The guys' adrenaline is flowing, they do high fives all around. Lazarus is not happy. He looks off into the jungle, sensing that someone was out there.
Speedman is watching. I don't have much time. I don't really need to piss. I need to talk to you. You went to the boot camp Sandusky, right? You can read that map?
I got the personal attache of Bien Den Phu's ambassador to the United Nations of America delivering a TiVo directly to your bedroom. But the bad news is you gotta sit down and have monkey brains with him or some ceremonial shit for the local paper.
Ow! Fuck Dude! What the fuck?! He screams in pain! Finally, WHUMP!! He disappears into the'hole. REDYKULOUS whistles for the guys to join him, and they all pile into the hole.
Aww, puh-puh-Pa! Whu-why you guh-got to muh-muh-make ffffffun of me?
He's right, man, that ain't right. Messin' with a man's brain.
Everyone turns to Portnoy.
That poor bastard. Looks like they coo- coo nested him.
Stop it man! You're chokin' me!
So you were some two bit criminal who got caught and sentenced to clean toilets at the Pentagon? I IDOLIZED YOU MAN!
God-dammit, would you LISTEN! I was a fuckup, sure, but one day as I was cleaning the office of some Top-Brass big- wig, I came across a file headed for the shredder marked top secret. It was Four Leaf Tayback's file. A nobody. No family. Nothing. Killed in Action. They were gonna bury the whole thing. Total black op.
Listen.. .Don't be crazy Portnoy --you're not a fuck up. You'make millions of people laugh!
Yo, c'mon, man! Why is everybody gettin'. so insecure alla a sudden?! You're Kirk Lazarus! You're like the greatest actor in the motherfuckin' world!
Oh hello, Duchess, my name is Igor. An actor? Ha, duchess you flatter me, as a matter of fact, I’m a doctorHe does a flourishing gesture and accidentally knocks a bunch of shit off the dresser.
There is a murderous hunchback loose in London. This will not stand.
Pishposh. All you need to do is keep your back straight, your words clean, and try your damndest not to embarrass me. SMASH CUT TO:
High praise from a bloke who’s twice the man he used to be, in height alone.
Because you’re two mad bloody geniuses, and it would be a tremendous waste to see you hauled off to Scotland Yard. Victor looks to Igor. Igor looks to Victor. Igor his hand, and Igor takes it.
Oh, I nary think it’s anything so serious, probably just some hooligans out for a laugh before christmaTurpin raises his hand, which is covered in blood.
Hooligans.
And let them have my bloody machines, not likely! We can hear bobbies in the flat upstairs.
Igor’s being dragged inside by the two heavies.
I don’t know you, hunchback. Don’t know Victor. Maybe I thought I did...Lieutenant Dave Klein, Vice Division. LAPD. That’s what my face looked like before. My point of view now: Irish Pug on the business end of this bantam Black’s combos. Standing to my left: SERGEANT RICHARD “JUNIOR” STEMMONS. Twenty-six.
Junior Stemmons. A partner I never asked for. The scowl meant to hide a shit-scared kid who’d been teaching evidence classes three months ago. His Old-Man was an LAPD lifer who never got past Sergeant.
You live in LA, Asshole. You do not live in ‘Federal Government.’ Ruiz turns ‘caught-me’ pink...I nod to Junior: split ‘em. Playing adjoining hotel rooms like sweat boxes.
Mostly compare and contrast stuff. Street work versus textbookME -chapter 1: don’t write shit down. Chapter 2: or other Cops might kill you. Junior’s look practiced in a mirror: clicks the pen, slides the steno away.
Shit. He’s wise.
Around four. Him and these Pachucos poppin’ switchblades like punks.
‘Cuz Hector been whippin’ Tommy’s ass from the time he could talk.
Might the job involve the LAPD’s most important missing Wetback, Hector Magdalena? My eyes narrow but stay smiling: It does.
Reminds me of another pain in the ass. Koenig roars this big frightening laugh of his.
Yeah. Hector’s disappearance is definitely an inside job. That whole family feels hinky. The daughter was all bruises and no tears and Hector’s hop-head wife looks part punching bag.
-you’re paddlin’ air pal.
Who’s this ‘Ainge’ clown anyway?
-you may stop.
Me: gringo exile rich off funds from Stadium Parking lots. Meg and Pete: still married. Three boys. Boyce Bradley: Lt. Governor, then a Gubernatorial primary loser to some chump who acted in Chimp movies. Welles Noonan, convicted of jury tampering in ‘64. Prison suicide in ‘66. Howard Hughes: a shut-in shitting in coffee-cans at the Vegas Hilton.Hello! Hell-ooo! What do you want! Hello! Who are you! Hell-ooooo!
She’s stoned.
You got bit?
Let’s get some shuteye, whad’ya say, partner?
‘Nite, Carol Anne.
Cut the crap and call her. Loud.
‘Nite, Robbie.
You talk as if he were a gigolo -- or something.
That was free verse, you gashouse palooka!
Whadda you want!
Okay! Okay! Keep your shirt on, young feller.
The papers! The papers! Whadda you mean throwin' 'em out!
The old man's screwy!
I said, the old man's screwy!
I saw the little Pussinfoos girl. She's turned out quite a charming creature.
You sound like a hobo.
Mind your own business.
He looked like an upright young feller to me, Ma.
You!
Yeah, you'll have to git.
Dobbin, me lad. You failed muh. I'm afraid you're gittin' old.
You're a peculiar chap.
Of course he is. All those pain in the ass New York intellectuals are reds. OLIVIER rolls his eyes behind JACOBS back. COLIN grins.
She just wants a chum, that's all.
You're not taking him to Marilyn? That would drop us all in a whole ocean of shit.
Are you somebody, mate?
Don't start, Dicky.
Boy, there's a lot of men in this business. And they all think you've got to sleep with them. She looks across at him, their faces inches apart.Don't be a smart ass. A short silence as they all look back to their plates.
Cut ass.
Who, Grady? Grady's alright, he's just a hothead.
You mean a shithead.
Yeah, well, Schneider's got a stick up his ass today.
Help yourself, fucker. Behind them, a row of shrubs suddenly combusts. Freddy grabs him by the wrist, laughs and, swinging him around like he were throwing the Hammer, sends him with a bone-splitting CRASH into
I'll kill you now.Thank you, Cleveland! You're a great crowd. But after three and a half hours of kick-ass rock and seven encores on top of that, I'm sorry to say that this time we really gotta get back to our hotel rooms and fuck some groupies.
Just listen up, man, cause we are in a quandary.
Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to stash your KISS records inside Carly Simon album covers. No question, Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from hell.
Besides, those jeans are so tight I can see your penis.
Will somebody please tell those chicks disco is dead.
Shit, that dork is Jam.
You're way out of your league, Elvis.
Hey, take it easy, man. This is the girls' crapper, remember?
Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug.
But I gotta take a piss like you would not believe, Mr. Johansen!
Damn straight we are.
Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He couldn't get any deeper into shit if he was a fly sitting in a horse's ass. You know as well as me he'd give his right arm just to see Peter Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole KISS concert, check?
We got you a change of duds when we picked up the car.
Kenny, come on with the macho crap already. Like this kid could take you in a fight anyway.
Don't get me wrong, we'd love to stand here and get shit on by the cast of Saturday Night Fever, but we're also on a schedule. So step on it.
Oh, Christine! You googatz in the head or something? We're on the side of the freakin' highway!
So, if the lesson was that you're a dick with ears and a really bad haircut, then, yes... I'd say we learned it.
Whatever.
Man, this is some kickass shit!
Man, that weed knocked Christine on her ass. She's sleeping like a baby stella.
We're right behind you, Simo. Just wanted to thank you in advance for handing over those burly-ass tix me and my buds won this morning.
Jam, not another word out of your femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here, we got nothing, and we got an hour and a half. We're totally committed. It's time to brainstorm.
Okay, booger, your KISS ticket or your life.
Me? Mug? That's nuts. I said, do you know where I can take a piss.
Please, sir, don't kick my ass! I'll do anything to get out of a beating!
Oh, Dicky, I c-c-can't...
B, they're nutcases, or C, they need the money. I can tell you're not A, and I hope to hell you're not B. So my suggestion is, think about why you're a C and let your body party, shake your groove thing, boogie oogie oogie till you just can't boogie no more.
Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't want to give you whiskey dick would we?
Who's Whiskey Dick?
Man. What a stud, huh?
Now wait a minute, guys! Two against one ain't fair. Lemme go back and get my friend Barbara. You'd love her. Tits the size of your head. You'll feel like a little baby sucking on 'em. I swear, I'll bring her right back. It'll be a four-way... You guys like disco? I teach disco dancing at my church. You guys look like you got rhythm in your blood. Come on, free lessons if you let me go.
How dare you sneak out of the house like that! You had me worried to death! Don't you know this is Detroit! And for a degenerate band like KISS! They're sick, sick, sick and oughta be in jail with their vile antics!
That's 'cause there ain't no woman that can stop a ‘Ree from three hundred feet.
Bridger! Get your ass up! Dim light fills the frame... then we see FITZGERALD’S FACE right in front of us.
‘Bout goddamn time. Fitzgerald gives Bridger a stern gaze.
I won’t take well to givin’ up that two-hundred on accounta you gettin’ weak-kneed. Bridger keeps riding away.
Need words trade with whites.
While he squats his ass on his toasty warm stove. Whatta you reckon he'd do if he showed up one day and found this place empty? Sure wouldn't come after us. Not til spring at least.
A fella wears that is too native friendly for my taste.
I was scared of dyin’.
Then what the hell have ya got?
The son of a bitch that robbed me. Hugh Glass he called hisself. You tell him that. And Fitzgerald looks like he just saw a ghost... or at least heard his name.
Whatta ya got?
I am Mato Wicasa! I have killed whites and I have killed Arikara and I have killed grizzly! AND IBe touc~ the butt.
Come back here, you!
Haul ass, dummy!
Coons are tryin' to get into school.
Godamnit, Gump! You're a goddamned genius! That's the most outstanding answer I've ever heard. You must have a godamned I.Q. of a hundred and sixty! You are godamned gifted, Private Gump!
Hey, Gump. Get a load of the tits on her!
Hey! Hey! Stupid jerk! I'm singing a song here. Polly, get out here!
Y'know, I bet there's shrimp all in these waters. They tell me these Vietnams is good shrimp. You know, after we win this war, and we take over everything we can get American shrimpers to come on here and shrimp these waters. We'll just shrimp all the time, man. So much shrimp, why, you wouldn't believe it.
Ho! Get your hands down. Do not salute me. There are goddamned snipers all around this area who would love to grease an officer. I'm Lieutenant Dan Taylor. Welcome to Fourth Platoon.
Sergeant Sims! Goddamnit, where is that sling-rope I told you to order.
Hey, Tex. Hey, Tex. Man, what the hell's going on?
Now, you listen to me. We all have a destiny. Nothing just happens, it's all part of a plan. I should have died out there with my men! But now, I'm nothing but a goddamned cripple! A legless freak. Look! Look! Look at me! Do you see that? Do you know what it's like not to be able to use your legs?
In the buttocks, sir.
Goddamn, son.
Where the hell have you been?
Our purpose here is to protect our black leaders from the racial onslaught of the pig who wishes to brutalize our black leaders, rape our women, and destroy our black communists.
We are here to offer protection and help for all of those who need our help, because we, the Black Panthers, are against the war in Vietnam. Yes, we are against any war where black soldiers are sent to the front line to die for a country that hates them. Yes, we are against any war where black soldiers go to fight and come to be brutalized and killed in their own communities as they sleep in their beds at night. Yes, we are against all these racists and imperial dog acts.
Jenny? Things got a little out of hand. It's just this war and that, that lyin' son-of-a-bitch Johnson. I would never hurt you. You know that.
Well, it's easy if you try, Dick.
Huh? Ah, well, before you go, why don't you get your ass down to the corner and get us another bottle of wine.
Why are you dyin', Momma?
I’m tuff guy!
Bro, that’s his ex-girl. STAP.
Boy, that is not YOUR room, that is my guest room that you once lived in. You really couldn’t find an apartment? The whole damn city got a FOR RENT sign on it!
Goonite cowlin pern.
You out here innovatin’? She is still town!
Why yal gettin mad hot right now!
It’s like, bein’ hella extra.
It’s like being hella extra!
Oh no bullshit, he really got a trumpet.
This white boy orders this thing they got called the Scorpion Bowl. ANGLE ON: The SCORPION BOWL. It’s insane, the size of a small goldfish bowl. The craziest drink you’ve ever seen at a bar. An OPEN FLAME burns in the middle of the drink. Preppy White Guy’s eyes go WIDE. He’s in awe.
Now out front is this nigga minding his own business, workin the door checkin’ ID’s and shit. We PULL BACK to REVEAL... The guy working the door is Collin. Miles is next to him on a stool. They both have bottom grills in.
Oy. Collin, tonight’s the last night! No more piss testing!
Oh, man. It doesn’t stop. Some hipster kid in the kitchen is full on culture vulture. “What it do my bruh, it’s lit!” Just, so many layers. I was like “Um, don’t talk like that. That’s not you.” Ha!
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. The cops SHINE THE LIGHT on Collin, and he freezes. He faces them. A deer caught in headlights. They hold the light on him for what feels like forever. But then... The cop radio CHATTERS. The light clicks off... ...and the cop car SPEEDS OFF. Collin drops to his knees. He BREATHES HEAVILY and stares in the direction that the car went. 96
Oh WHAT!?! Oh, it’s my turn to air out now baby. She bout to hear all about this VEGAS move! They leaving OAKLAND and I am UPSET, HEATHER! Girl, GET YO MAN! He is a disloyal punk, turf hopping-- Vegan and Vegas kinda even sound similar, might be a conspiracy, my bruh. Maybe it’s all connected! Their dialogue gets quieter and quieter and...Darned thing.
Buy 'em with what, dumbhead?
Come on, fella. Thataboy. You and me, we're gonna be friends, aren't we?Seduce her, you goon!
I tremble with fear! You're bound to pound the quivering lips of my Venus mound!
For fuck's sake, woman! BONBONS? I'm to sit here, gorging myself on useless trifles, sucking down your little sweetmeats, when what I truly need -- what I truly require -- are a few quill pens? Perhaps a pot of ink?
I've been to hell, young man. You've only read about it.
Don't be a dunce, child. I've a surprise for you. Now open the frigging door.
"She wore her ass proudly --"
...the most finely cleft ass...
"...and the most finely cleft ass ever moulded by the hand of God!"
"...a harlot, she was, name of Fanchon, with a downy fissure and a heavenly ass..."
"...a downy fissure, and a heavenly ass..."
"What'll it be?" she asked. "My mouth, my ass or my succulent oyster?"
"My mouth," she asked, "My ass or my succulent oyster?"
For fuck's sake, Abbe! What am I to do? Police my readers as you police me? Suppose one of your precious wards had attempted to walk on water and drowned? Would you condemn the Bible? I think not!
The compulsive inmates set the type --
We, the soldiers of the national liberation front of America, in the name of the workers and all the oppressed of this imperialist country have struck a fatal blow to the racist police stick!
Some of them have cars.  They took old junkers that were left behind and converted them to steam.  We think they may also have a gasoline source in there, and power.  Greenhouses, rigged up generators.  Some areas have streetlights. The crazies.  Live in the subways.  Complete control of the underground.  They're night raiders.
It's about the survival of the human race, Plissken.  Something you don't give a shit about.
Yeah, but taking off is for shit.  I'll work it out.
That Brain is a real pain in the ass.  He's always sniffing around like a dog.
Move fast?  You're goddamned right I'll move fast.
You're pushing her too hard, Snake.
Stay to the right, stay to the right, now jog left.  Hold it, left... left... LEFT, DAMMIT!
You going to kill me now, Snake?Suffer us to famish, and their storehouses crammed with grain-- The others shush her.
What would you have, you curs? He that trusts to you, Where he should find you lions, finds you
I would they were in Tiber. They move off.
Your tongue, though but bastards and
What lay before them.
0, stand up blest. He rises.Well they're wrong. It's not true. I've fished in that sea. I've jumped in and swam in that sea! I'm fucking Aquaman!
Dude. I hear she's a bitch from hell!
Damn.
Dude, you got problems.
Goddamn that song is brilliant! What's up Hansen?
Are you a lesbian?
I say, let's have as much fun as we can afford and leave the serious shit for later.
You're so gay.
Who the hell's Sean?
Just don't be a pussy.
Whatever.
Come on, that guy was an asshole!
Something's gotten into you son!
't'hey' re somnambulists.
They're leems.
Field lacrosse is no pussy-assed tea party, ya get IN there, get a LOCK on your target and PUSH IT! I want SWEAT I want ACTION! The Trinas giggle at Sykes. Ginger bends forward, holding her sides.
Shake a leg, Fitzgeralds. An, butt out, you gotta death wish!?
'Kay, here's the weird thing about me. I dig dead stuff. Live things make me sick, they're all warm and snotty and shitty and pissy. And live things jus' suffer, which I can't take. But a dead thing? S'kinda beautiful, 'cause a dead thing's really I dunno -like, free.
Quincy, that guy with the stiffs on cable. Alls I remember is you goin', "Teen cult my ass".
That booze - straight to my head, man.
Ginger pulls at her own crotch.
Hell-o 1?
That week, Ginger was all over the map. She was the goddamn schizo poster girl. She forgot the gyno guy. I couldn't believe she forgot. She promised. Brigitte is dying a thousand deaths on the examining table with her feet in stirrups. The GYNECOLOGIST is examining her. A NURSE stands next to him, smiling benignly as she passes him the contraption used to take a pap smear. Brigitte is almost in tears.
But see all the books and movies an' shit said it had to be a full moon, that it'd be all at once. An, ya know, not one word about chick werewolves on the rag. Typical.
When Henry renovated the basement, to build our room? I was like ten an, in the way an, shit. Well, he rammed iue with this beam, right in my stomach. Accidentally. Brigitte wanders over the emptying school. lot. She looks small and alone. She looks disoriented.
Cock tease!
Told Pammy Ginger wasn't feeling well. Just to get her checkin' regular on. her, keep the pressure on Ginger to be cool.
Whatever.
Plans, plans arc good. 'Course I hardly had one. Adrenaline though, adrenaline is pretty speedy shit.
Come on, Davy. Strike this chump out. He's got nothing.
11Whatever you.do to the least of me, you do to me."
You Hell's Kitchen boys have a real discipline problem.
You never think of nuns doing that stuff.
Fat Mancho looks at Shakes.
He was a good man. Too good to be shot dead by a couple of street punks.
Then you gotta get 'em out of the shooting hole. Put 'em someplace else. Only your witness does that, and he's doing a Claude Rains so far. Nobody's seen the fucker.
Shit, Moonee. What did you two do? Nothin’.
Her and her friend Scoot spit all over my car and my kid here.
You can get that shit down to $240. Maybe even less knowing that shithead who works the front desk over there. EXT./INT. FUTURELAND INN - DAY Grandma Stacy smokes a cigarette as she and Halley watch Moonee and Scooty wash the spit-covered car.
Can Dicky come out and-DICKY’S DAD Dicky’s being punished. He can’t come out. A MEAN CHIHUAHUA is staring at the kids. They walk away. Moonee stops and turns back. Wait.
‘The shit just happened? Bobby sits in the dark. EXT. MAGIC CASTLE - PARKING LOT - DAY The electricity is shut off across entire motel. Bobby exits the lobby door. He’s pissed. WIDE SHOT, LONG TAKE of the entire East wing of the motel. This allows us to see many of the motel’s residents filtering
Oh whatevs. You gotta relax, man.
Listen, trust me. If I brought my girl to this place on our honeymoon, she would have divorced my ass. I feel for you. But what do you want me to do, fella?
Yeah, there’s punks out there.
That’s not a bad idea. I like that. Something catches Bobby’s eye. He looks up. It’s Halley, headed straight for the office. “What shitstorm will this be now” is written all over Bobby’s face. Halley enters and marches up to the counter.
I told you, New Orleans, new toys. There’s not an extra inch in this thing. Let’s get rolling. Dicky walks over to his friends.
Oh shit, you get in trouble?
You need to get laid, son. C’mon, Moonee.
Awwww... the feels. You so sweet, Bobby. I’m sorry I was a dickwad to you earlier. Bobby looks at Moonee, to see if she heard her mom say that.
Damn, girl, this shit looks fancy in here. Thank you.
Got to whet that palate?
Dude, they’ll make you do a two hour tour and hard sell you, you really wanna do that shit on your vacation? Moonee holds out the multi-colored MagicBands displayed on her wrist like a used watch salesman.
Hey, look. I don’t know what Moonee did. She probably did some shit and I’m sorry about that. But I don’t think that shit should, you know, affect us, you know? They’re kids.
They trace those cal.ls, stupid. seen it on Highway Patrol and Dragnet.
40's, snores bare-assed on a filthy bed surrounded by empty wine bottles, Chris is very carefully pulling Winstons out of a pack on the dresser. CUT TO: -:,:;,,:: ,.c.N. '5 '
Jesusl
sucks.
man! You want
you penny Lachance
of pussies
the main guy of the fat kid nobody likes
I hear yo~ got a big appetite, Don't even think about Lard Ass. winning' this.
Lard Ass, how was your
Gal Go, Lard Ass!
Racing throuqh his fourth pie, Lard Ass began to deliberately imagine he wasn't eating pies at all; he was eating cowflops. He was eating great big gobs of greasy grimy gopher guts ..
Slowly, a sound started to build in Lard Ass' stomach, a strange and scary sound, a sound like a log truck com:i,.ng at you at about hundred miles an hour.
Suddenly, Lard Ass opened his mouth and before he knew it ..•
straight been been
personal record for ooth of them. 69
pisser
Did Tightass finally ask you?
I was skinny in the sixth grade. But yeah, pretty much every day. Except for the day Danny Patrick picks on this other kid, Pete Tauber. Who is small, but ripped, right? And who beats the living shit out of Danny Patrick.
Eileen Swope.
She kicked our asses.
That bitch Carrie White's going to prom. With Tommy Ross.
It's prom, asshole, of course I want to go.
Sue, she hates you now.
Billy — Billy takes the sledge from Jackie-BILLY Pussy — Armed with the sledge, Billy starts stroking one of the pigs, almost tenderly. Cooing to it.
Hold the damn light still —
Calm your ass down.
General McAddie's.
Hey! We don't have time to dick around here watching you demonstrate your ignorance in the chain of command. The order came direct from General McAddie. Call him. We'll conduct our business while you confirm authorization.
You've been using me --
As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing.
Not too handsome. Nice eyes. Nice ass.
Standing beside her.
Well, I haven't seen any. 'Course, I wouldn't know a snowy egret if I was pissing on one. Do you want some lunch?
You see, women are in touch with different things. That's my opinion. I know that's not a fashionable opinion right now, but fuck it, I know what I see. I see men running around, dipping their dicks into every little thing, trying to make things happen. But it's women who have the real power, isn't it? Women are the source, the only power. Nature. Birth. Re-birth. Cliche, cliche. Sure. But true.
Just your average horny little devil.
Damn.
I think my ass is asleep. The women laugh.
But what's a dyke?
I'm freezing my nuts off out here.
shaved away to make room for quonset huts, warehouses and a Headquan.ers for a large construction couple mocile homes.
is great. dripping The food plentiful. Buffet tables with flowers and ice sculpture. Service up the ass. TWOHUNDREDGU.ESTS grouped at big round banquet tables. Two-thirds are wealthy Telaccans -- business elites and drug traffickers masquerading as business elites.
mean, my husband is somewhere, God knows where and I haven't slept in days and I'm at war with two international oil companies and my sister-in-law and some terrorist group I don't even know, and you're the first -- you're the 2!lJ.:l person I've met ~ho knows what they're about and I'm begging you talking -- I'm totally fucking begging you to help me on this
what are you
.bastards are in for it down here. This place, I'll tell you, it's taken on a decidedly hinky-dinky-stinlcy feel to it. You poor
Bad teetil.
right? She's a bloody gladiator. ALICE
FAT REBEL turning
I love you. I loved you the moment I saw you. I'm mad about you. My little shoplifter! My sweet little pickpocket! My darling! He takes her in his arms. They embrace and kiss. DISSOLVE TO:
That Harry's a damn fool!
What about Harry's daughter as an extra added attraction? She'll belt out five or six showtunes -- two sets a night -- and it won't cost you a fucking nickel.
Mario, you can't hurt my feelings. Even when I was a kid and they hurled certain invectives my way, it never bothered me. Other kids would fall apart if anybody called them a fucking name. Me, I just loved the attention! 'Shit-for- brains' -- that's what the bigger kids named me. And I answered to it. Hey, 'shit-for brains' reporting for duty. Everybody loved me for that. I could take abuse. After a while, I kind of wore them down. There was nothing more they could say to me. So they stopped.  I kind of missed it.
Good news in that arena. Kelly goes into rehearsal as of Monday. You know how dedicated she is. By the time she gets back from dancing her ass off, she goes right to sleep. We'll have both our days and certain nights. Not to mention when they take the show on the road.
Alright, bullshit artist, what am I doing right now?
It's busted. Every damn phone on Eighth Avenue is busted but this one.
You assaulted my person.
The guy in the next booth. He's got a bad connection and he's hollering his fool head off.
Still you have to uphold your status as an honorary asshole.
How about Geraldo? He's run his ass off to get in on this.
Then here. Take the damn thing.
Kind of pale. Even for a white man.
Damn straight!
I totally don't give a shit.
'I'm mad as hell and I'm not taking it anymore.'
Guys in combat situations even shit their pants. But they follow orders.
Dammit, Brad, stop acting like a gang member. You're from Malibu, you live in a nice home...
To be the biggest rapper dere ever was! See, I got something to say, and I need the world to hear it. I'm the shiznit. I'll buy y'all cars!
Fellas, instead of thinking of yourselves as what set you're from, or what crew you're rolling with, why can't you both be brothers. What do you say?
It is Brad, throwing the Malibu sign, surrounded by women in thongs with gigantic asses. The title, in graffiti
Right.   But when you see   him acting ghetto and all, it    pisses you off  so much, you tour   him around the 'hood to show    him what things are really like.
I am improvin' myself, fool. I broke up with no-good gang-bangin' Tec, I'm going to beauty school, then I'ma hook up my own salon...
Do this, Shondra. You'll get some real money so you can quit this minimum wage crap and start up your business.
Whatever.
Yo, what up, fool?   I'm --
Let me get them tig ol' bitties.
Hell yeah.
I'm down with the P.C.H. Hustlers. And dems over dere... Brad points to three white wannabes in another corner.
I been a playa all my life, girl. And I must say, of all the sisters I been wit', you de finest. So, you got a man?
One day I'ma have a chain of beauty salons all up in the 90210, just like Starbucks, only instead of coffee, with hair and nails. Makin' sick money turnin' all the rich hoochies ghetto fab.
You're gettin' jacked!   Move!
Your papa's gonna pay or you're gonna pay!
Come on.   Quit frontin'.
What you doin', fool?
Who you callin' boy?
Get yo' ass in there. Brad boldly fist-shakes jaw-dropped patrons as he wades through the crowd, AD LIBBING "Whassup?" and "Pardon me, homey."
Damn, man. Don't you know how to treat a lady? That's not nice.
'Listen, all you rappers, the name's Brad Gluckman. When on the mic you could say I really suck man!' They burst out laughing. Brad just stares ahead, pouting, sick to his stomach.
Damn. I haven't laughed like that in a long time. 'Fess up, boy, you can't hang.
Damn straight.
I could be a highstylin' pimp?
I could drive a mad '63 El Camino with 43-inch gold-plated dubs and a trunk full o' bitches?
Who you callin' ho, ho?
Yo, ho, the same ho that gave up that weak-ass kiss five minutes ago in the bedroom.
Really?   Damn.
Where the hell you goin'?
A'ight, but y'all should change up your style, cuz these jackings is gettin' tired. He heads for Tec's car.
No way, man. She's in on the scam, just like us.
Gays too.
Devil's got some balls.
For real!   Let's dip! They all hop in their convertible and tear-ass out of there as Brad jumps off the cars and follows on foot, FIRING after them as they turn the corner and SQUEAL away.
Damn.   Jus' MTV.
Dat is some hardcore shiznit, y'all!
He ain't with Big Boy, fool! B- Rad's hangin' with some serious bangers!
A'ight Free Willy, think you so bad, what you got?
Oh, damn...
What up, cuz? Shondra stands quickly, scared.
You the candidate that's down with bitches and ho's.
I'm totally taxing your ass.
'White Kong'?    Damn! I'm not even white.
standing there
being assholish.
want anybody shooting his eye out.
jus' caughd. me off
The .Taylors, a quiet family who have lived next door to us for years, had moved out and without warning the Sumpuses . h.ad f loaded in. In an instant, the ant.ii.re neigh.borhood changed. There were thousands of Bum.puses, and they all moved in.
She also had th.is friend named Punjab, who whenever she was really in a tight spot would just show up and cut everybody's head off.
Hoh, ·my God, Ra lphie ! Oh, my God! What's haepent:ad to you?
OUT YOURDECODERPINS .
ALL THE REGULARPALS OF LITtLE ORPHANANNIE, MtM!EllS OF T'rlE
Fat Mess. Come over I wanna talk to you.
Get moving, kid. Quit draggirtg your feet.
Come on, ya Yankee bastards!
You ride like a Comanche.
I said like a Comanche, not this Comanche.
Best damn plan I heard all war.
Never thought that pissant town would look so pretty.
Looks like Web Mimms wasn't the only casualty this town's got.
Stop by our spread after that, tell our Ma we're all right. We'll go to Doc Mimms.
You can shut up now.
She's still talking to Jesus.
We know, Ma. Now we got to get you to Doc Mimms.
Where the hell were you?
I'll be damned!
Where the hell is Pinkerton?
What is going on here, man?
Lucky Rabbit's foot. Took it off that dead fella over there.
'Scuse us.
Gents, we are in the middle of something here.
The things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here...
That's what the newspapers say. Weren't for Jesse James, this gang wouldn't be able to find a goat's ass with a stick.
What about that Rock Island bastard?
Clell, Tom, go get Doc Mimms in Liberty!
Damn.
...But Dick, he's looking for two years in Tucson... and they called him up and said to come out. He's a good man. He's only trying to do what's right.
...and they got depositions from the nurses, everybody in the operating room, the scrub-nurse... 'All these guys are God. I saw them walk on water...'
I'm going to get laid.
And it seems to me, a fella's trying to come back, he'd take this settlement, and get a record for himself.
So what do you want me to do? Concannon's going to try the case his way, I'm going to try it mine. You want me to go wee wee wee all the time because he's got some flack, got stories in the newspaper. I'm going to win this case.
A huge law firm. Okay? They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb. Franky, he's starting to talk like he comes from Dorsetshire, some fuckin' place, 'You must drop by with Pat and me...' Okay...?
You know, you're pushy, fella...
You're talking like a drunk.
I got a letter from the Judge Advocate's office on you today, fella, you're on your way out... They should have kicked you out on that Lillibridge case. Now this is it today.
Listen to me, fella...
What's Momo gonna want with an old place, shows old movies people don't care about no more. Outside of maybe turnin' it into a porno house, I don't think he's gonna give much of a fuck. And you already got a job.
He's got no respect for you, and I don't gotta do shit. Chili Palmer don't work for me, he works for Momo up in Brooklyn. So as long as Momo's around, nothing happens to Chili Palmer. You understand?
Bullshit. E.g. is short for 'ergo'.
E.g., i.e., fuck you. The point is, I say jump, you say okay. Okay?
Anyway, you want this guy, he's in L.A. We put him on a flight after he spanked one a my cocktail girls in the Keno room.
I know what a vig is.
Alright, Yayo, you know he's there, now forget about him. Now I'm gonna get up. Soon as I'm gone, you sit down in this same seat I'm in. You feel something under your ass it's the key to a locker where your half a million is. Along with some product we're returning.
Don't cuss in front of Farrah.
Hey, Harry? Bullshit. We have an agreement with you, man.
That's the difference between you and me, Harry. I say what I mean. I want something from someone, I ask 'em straight out. I want Martin Weir, I go get Martin Weir. I don't fuck around with his trainer's shrink.
Ray Bones is looking for you. He's got some kinda bug up his ass, can't sit still.
What she did not say was, 'I just loved the way the director moved the camera so much it made me fuckin' seasick.' All she cared about was that look. All she remembered was that look. And why do we remember things in movies? Because we can see them.
I'm just explaining to you what I'm doing here. Case you think I come to rob the place, rip off any of this dusty old shit the man has.
So what? Where's it say in this script he's white? Color is what the part needs, man, somebody to do it has some style. The way it is now, Ronnie could do it, play himself, some cracked out asshole.
There's nothin' to know. You have an idea, you write down what you wanna say. Then you get somebody to add in the commas and shit where they belong, if you aren't positive yourself. Maybe fix up the spelling where you have some tricky words... although I've seen scripts where I know words weren't spelled right and there was hardly any commas in it at all. So I don't think it's too important. Anyway, you come to the last page you write in 'Fade out' and that's the end, you're done.
Karen. Shit. I didn't see you there. How are you?
Well, you had it down cold. Watching you in the movie, if I didn't know better I'd have to believe you were a made guy and not acting. Even the fink part. I never met a fink and I hope to God I never do, but how you did it must be the way finks act.
You mean like we don't give a shit.
I mean I could see myself in movies Robert De Niro had been in. Or I could maybe do an Al Pacino movie, play a hard-on. But I couldn't see myself in ones, like say the one where the three guys get stuck with a baby. They don't know how to take care of it and you see these big grown-up assholes acting cute -–
C'mon, man, gimme your hand... we gotta get outta here...
Oh, shit... I'm sorry... I thought that was... I'm so sorry...
Are you the same anonymous asshole called the other day?
Why the hell not?Shit, you know how I am about books.
So I can kick your country butt?
Oh, shit.. .Frank!
Vietnam right now. Somebody must have stolen his bank book, because he's half way around the world crawling through the jungle and fighting the fucking communists. So don't come to my place of business and call my boy a criminal, because that kid has more guts than either of you will ever know.
I had to close the store for awhile. It's all about timing, Frank, the goddamn government knows that. They hit you when you're down, and I wasn't gonna let them take it from me. So I just shut the doors myself, called their bluff.
Can I ask you mething, Joe? How come you're o erious all the time?
The Skywayman. Holy shit, a perfect match.
The Americans thi only the best. But drinking the shit fro Everyone laughs hysterically, and Frank joins in, the family laughing together as they eat Sunday dinner.
Agent Luc, I need you t anslate for me.
Because most of us here are Mexican- Americans! Because we want equality with Anglo miners -- the same pay, the same conditions.
Okay, so discrimination hurts the Anglo too, but it hurts me more. And I've had enough of it!
Wanna have a talk with you -- 'bout why you slugged that fellow back there.
Hold your head up, Pancho. That ain't no way to sit.
Hear those deputies slugged 'Cente.
We don't like to break in on you like this, but this fella owns the radio store, he got himself a repossession order on this radio here.
Jenkins ain't no boss.
If we obey the court, the strike will be lost ... the scabs would move in as soon as the pickets disappear. If we defy the court, the pickets will be arrested and the strike will be lost anyway.
Anglo husbands can also be backward.
But they're beating up my wife!
You're under arrest. Home or the hoosegow -- what's it gonna be?
Now see here, Quintero! These women are obstructin' justice. You make 'em behave, savvy?
Damn, you are the real thing...
I call all you white guys "Jack."
Because youre the best damn tire guy in the state of New Jersey...
And hes a crack-up.
Hey, you heard the guy, Im the best damn tire guy in the state of New Jersey.
Look, Im sorry.  Im sorry I was such a saint before and Im such a prick now.  Maybe Im just not the same guy I was when we got married...
Damn...
All Im saying it there isnt a guy in Union County who wouldnt give his left nut to be married to Kate...
Jesus, Jack...Is this where we are now?  Is this our marriage? Suddenly Im the wife who has to drop hints two weeks before her anniversary so her husband doesnt fuck it up?
are probably faking.
I dont know how you did it, hoss, but you pulled it off.
Then get a goddamn snow blower!
Sorry - things still get a little cockeyed sometimes.
Kevin - Duncan here the birthday man - could use himself a drink. Kevin here tells me he's black - did you know that - I mean look at him - look at me - isn't that the damnedest thing. He's black.
No-no-no-no. It's not the Goddamn dancing. I wanted to come here tonight - show you I could "fit" in. Like the big boys do. Big seeing boys. Yes. Well, I don't. Don't.
Seeing people - for better or worse - deal with everything all at once - taking in the whole picture - which sometimes confuses the hell out of what they want.
Wait - no - this isn't your fault - I'm the one's been a shit. You're too hard on yourself - expect too much of yourself.
To be whole. For just one month. For just one day or one minute. For one goddamned half a second. And not just to be able to run, or ride a bike, or drive a car.
Breasts.
I’d say you fainted and bumped your head. No signs of concussion. Probably just a bruise and a big ass headache.
You don’t know ‘em?
You got big ears.
Not you, asshole.
You want somebody to
These two are so punked out, they probably wake the neighbors when they brush their teeth.
Fuck the garage. CUT TO: Sebastian wraps Nikki and Kyle together standing back-to-back with surgical tubing from a spool, like a double mummy.
Goddamn, this is some tight shit. Marcus ties it off, leaving Kyle and Nikki tottering precariously on bunched feet. Sebastian eyes Nikki. Nikki spits in his face. He gives her a light shove. falls backward, Kyle slams face first into the floor.
Whatever.
You’re not an asshole.
Fuck, no names! But then he realizes, whirls, smashes the butt of the gun down on Zach’s hand, pinning it with the barrel aimed at him.
That asshole was in Vietnam?
Assmunch. Kyle?
Look, I think each of us has demonstrated significant lapses of judgment tonight. Let’s just fix this shit and move on.
Who’s the cog?
This piece of shit on the floor, he tossed your house and tried to kidnap Nikki. I tried to help. I fought him off, right there.
This embassy -- there's always something queer going on.
Ex-cuse me?
Who's the hunk?
Come on Shane. This, this isn't going to work. I've got--look, this could come back and bite me on the ass. Can you come by my house tonight? Okay.
I'll distract him. You get Nicky out of there.
From her shit?
You’re a little bit in deep shit here, Charlie, because from what I understand, anonymity is kinda the cornerstone of these bad boys, so since you’ve already screwed that particular pooch, I propose you answer my question so I don’t tell Susan you blew her Alcoholics, Narcotics, Gambling, and Kleptomaniacs Anonymous cover, deal?
Put that thing away, Vince. You don’t want anyone to get hurt. Vince turns to confront the drunk and we seeOh shit, it’s DEWEY RILEY. Worse for goddamn wear. Barely upright. The last decade etched deeply into his face.
Such a dumbass. He hugs her.
Maybe because he beat the shit out of Deputy Dewey here. Maybe he’s the killer.
There was even a petition to have the studio pretend Stab 8 never happened and shoot a new movie “for the fans”SAM But it’s just a movieMINDY Not to some people. To some, the original’s their favorite thing in the world - the movie that made them love horror, that opened up a whole new world, that Mom or Dad showed them when they were ten that bonded them together. And God help anyone who slightly fucks with that special memory, who makes a movie they think disrespects it.
Are you shitting me? Sidney smiles back.
Behind you, Randy. Turn around, man. You can do it. They’re your rules, dude, own that shit. Look behind you. Ghostface is right behind Mindy now. He raises his knife above her head to drive it down into her skull... Look.
But it wouldn’t work with just you, Sam. See, you gotta bring the legacy characters back to make it matter. Can’t have a bona fide Halloween without Jamie Lee. Dewey had to die to make it real, to show this wasn’t some bullshit cash-in run of the mill sequel. Our movie has fucking stakes.
Alright, enough of this crap. It’s your birthday tomorrow, that’s your big problem? Pregnant women in Africa, feeding half their village from their titties... those ladies have problems. Not you. Danny smiles weakly. No, I know.
What? Frank, what the hell are you talking about?
John Lennon wrote you a letter, Pal! In 1971. He sent it to you at the magazine, care of this DeLoach guy. DeLoach smells money - handwritten letter from John Lennon and all - so he holds onto it, never tells you. DeLoach died, he’s not the point. The point is he sold the letter to a collector. Can you believe this shit?
I’m not mad, I promise, I just don’t want to open a closet and have a strange man jump out and scare the shit out of me. He’s not in the closet, is he?
she steps out of the room.
Well you need someone, Tom and if you think you don’t you have your head up your ass. And, however it happened, it appears I’m what you’ve got at the moment. So I’m going to help you with this, and it’s not open for discussion.
Oh for Christ sake, Tom, sit down. There are no movies left to rent and you’re two keys off.
One of two things: you start living like a normal human - buy a Prius, fly Continental, that kind of shit... or you go back on tour. This last tour was my retirement plan for you. We had a big piece: merchandise, concessions-No, I know.
Drives me six hours straight to this Hollywood rehab joint... probably drove us there drunker than I’d been the night before, the dumb shit. Paid for the whole thing. Visited me every Saturday till I was dry. And once a week, for the last thirty years, I get four cases of bottled water sent to me, wherever I am in the world. Always with the same note: “Drink as many as you want on me, Danny.”
A hobgoblin. Forgive me, I’m only trying to impress her.
They don’t allow no colored typists.
My son’s a sergeant. 761st battalion. Calls ‘em the black panthers.
You’re overtired.
Did you hear me, gal? I want some damn water. Laura enters from the girls’ bedroom:
Niggers need to know their place.
You know, suh, you’re right. We didn’t go in the back over there. General Patton put us right up on the front lines. Yessuh, he took us when nobody else thought we were worth a damn. And you know we did? We kicked the hell outta Hitler and them Jerries. All while every one of you was back here safe and sound at home. No need to thank me.
You look like hell.
One thing’s for sure. You must’a killed a whole lotta Krauts to get all them medals.
A man ought to know how many men he’s killed.
We had Negro captains. under plenty.
Hey, you tanker boys ever piss in your helmets?
Next thing you know, whole bunch of P-38’s show up. Just like the goddamn cavalry. They knocked those Germans right outta the sky. I swear they were angels sent by the Lord himself. HARD CUT TO:
Shut up, old man.
I got them all going for Oakland. With bullshit money. We'll cover the $800.
That stuff'll kill you quick, man.
We got shit to go on. Only that list of inventory -- what they stole from the church.
I bet you won a shitload on Oakland. How much, huh?
I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money
This psycho can.
Get this, man. I was at the game today. Face to fucking face with Strawberry! Jesus! I saw him strikeout. And you know what? He looked at me, and I looked at him, and he laughed and I laughed and it was like we were all alone in that whole stadium and only we understood that it was all a racket, that he struck out on purpose, and that he's saving it up for the Big One. Tomorrow. Today I understood for the very first time that --
My husband will give me Hell, Mister.
Oh, and, uh, don't say "shit."
Nona, don't start bitching.  I got maybe two years left to play.  I'm just trying to put some things together for us.
Until the Black family down the street became the Black family next door.
You wanna be my girl?
I don't want to be your girlfriend, big head!
Man, you suck!
I won't.  I'm a lesbian.
C'mon, girl, you live next door.  Who's been creeping?
Good Lord, look at that ass.  I just want to lick the sweat off it.
Big-ass titties?
What a ho.
Your hot-ass temper.
Would you watch the damn road?
With a jacked-up attitude.
I came second to the NBA.  I'm not about to come second to this bullshit scouting job.
No, you said I should get my degree.  I like my "bullshit" job, okay, and it's gonna lead to a spot in the front office. Til then, don't worry, there's just enough savings to keep your ass in Gucci and gold.
Always on my ass, anyway.
Little after you left, I told Shawnee it was time to go and I drove her ass straight home.  And after she told me I was the dumbest brother in the world, I took off.
Damn girl...
Let's go, freshmen, you're getting spanked!
She hates all freshmen.
Besides.  I've been starting point the last two years.  Ain't no way some dumb- ass freshman is taking my spot.
Whatever, big head.
Since when is "ass" a curse?
Well, tell them to mind their damn business.  You're smart enough to get a degree.
Mon, Sidra's out for one game, and you got the start.  But you get caught breaking curfew and Coach is gonna send your ass back to the bench.  You'll see your man tomorrow.
Hell yeah.
But that was a dumb-ass pass to Toni. Ten seconds left, you run out the clock.
Quincy, quit.  You're drunk.
Can you take that damn thing off the table.
Yeah, four years ago.  They had me staying in this tiny-ass town with like fifty people.  I'm not playing, there was about a thousand goats running around, and it gets dark at four o'clock.  Then the whack club I'm on loses three games in a row and I get blamed.  So they fire me.
Please, I went through the same drama as everybody else.  I mean, the first four months, only person I could talk to was this chick Luisa, who knew like ten words of English from watching old "Dif'rent Strokes" reruns.  Swear to God, I had to tell her if she said, "What you talking bout, Willis?" one more time, I was gonna kick her ass.
Shoot, Italian boys love them some black women.  They can't get enough of me.
Must have been my cheap-ass answering machine.  It was always messing up.
Whatever.
Dammitt, Monica!
What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
Get off my back, Sanchez.   I know what I'm doing.
Marix has a thing for red. Red cars, red boats, red-headed hookers.
Damn.
Hey!    Hands off, assh....
You bitch!   I like that guy.
I’ll give you a bob if you can name me a more insufferable sod.
Bugger off.
Double agents are such bastards. Isolated loners. No attachments to friends or family. Arrogant. Think they’re smart enough to get away with anything. Do you know anyone like that?
Turing! Open the bloody door!
I trailed Turing to a pub last night, where he met a bloke. They exchanged an envelope. So I followed the guy, picked him up, gave him a good shake... Here, I’ll show you.
No. No. This is bloody rubbish. Turing is up to something important, not getting his jollies in some pub.
Because I’m sitting in a police station, accused of entreating a young man to touch my penis, and you’re asking me whether machines can think.
Well, this bloke doesn’t.
Who the hell do you think you are? This is my brother. My big brother. He was the only one — Look, he was there after my mum — He’s my big brother, alright, and you have a few minutes to call off his murder.
Well of course Cairncross was the bloody spy.
You said yourself he was a pisspoor mathematician. CUT BACK TO: INT. BLETCHLEY PARK - JOAN’S FLAT - CONTINUED
... There’s something I have to tell you. I’m... I’m a homosexual.
Well hell
fuck you too buddy. MATT
a piss. MATT
got a pretty
Boss Hogg. He's
Shut-up Adam.
So file the damn thing already. I will.
Dude, you ever read the Iliad Achilles is this total bad ass. Hot-tempered, full of pride, totally consumed by his emotions.
You should have seen his face when you grabbed him, man. He looked like he was gonna pee his pants.
Dude, she’s every guy’s type.
Zimmer’s a punk.
Seriously, man, she’s into you.
Alex treated her like shit -- made her feel completely worthless. Noah saw how vulnerable she was, how much she needed to be loved.
Up with those bloody arms!
You old devil you. Does Ma know?
A Friday night, man! I'm no doctor, I'm not on standby all the bloody time. Can't they wait 'til Monday?
Blacks lead double lives. One you see and one you don't. These people surprise you all the time.
Mfundisi...
Those people who did it are sinful people who don't know what they're doing.
He! Mfundisi, what are you saying now? You mean...
Advocte Louw?
Take for example the way the government is handling the electorate; like a bloody donkey. Carrot in front and kick at the backside. The carrot is apartheid, Dogma. The kick is quite simply, fear. Black peril, red peril, whatever name you want to give it.
We Afrikaners have to stop to turn a blind eye and look around us and at ourselves.
I'll tell that hot-head daughter of mine that you came to see her. Ben takes his leave.
Don't you realize what the government is doing for the blacks? It's a slow process, Ben. One of these days the whole bloody lot of them will be free and independent in their own parts of the land, the bantoustans -- what can be more just than that? But they're not ready yet.
'Lanie' -- don't you believe it -- nothing's as stupid as the old S.B. If they decide it's a bomb they're looking for, you can shove a turd in their face and they'll swear to God it's a bomb. He laughs... making Ben smile.
Hey man, you should have been a mfundisi holiness oozer...
Traitors like you are threatening centuries of Afrikaner sacrifice.
That way the world will know the brutality and power of our security services; here questions can be asked in Parliament. And the white public can appreciate the implications of the fascist laws of this country.
Hey! Are you going soft, Lanie? We must keep going even more so now. And for every bloke who's going to die of bloody natural causes in their hands. And for our children's future.
The bastard! CUT TO:All right when they get here, we're gonna play it cool, do it quick and get the hell out of here before some six-toes show up with their hats all bent back.
I tell you, some people are too damn smart for their own good. Take that case in Richfield.
Booth gets up, looks around, checks another one's pulse -BOOTH Well I'll be damned, I've never seen anything like this... Gangbangers. Must have been a drug deal or something, whaddya think?
Look around you partner! You said yourself you never saw anything like it.
Damn.
Then what the hell are you all about? Jesse looks hard at Earl -JESSE Listen Earl. I covered for you. For both of you. I put my ass on the line to save yours, so don't pull a hostile tone with me!
Yeah whaddya want?.
You know, I had a feeling you just might pull something like this, some hard-ass tactic.
Shit, give me a
Helllllp!
Shut up, Jesse.
I don't know. They got all kinds of high-tech shit nowadays. INT TRAILER LIVING ROOM -- DAY
I thought you were reading Moby Dick.
That happens to me when I read Moby Dick too.
Looks like a big fellah.
Pretty damn sharp.
He’s fucking amazing isn’t he? He lives all the way out there, man. Don indicates the infinite, black sea, stretching out beyond them.
You fat old whore! You useless bitch! Why are you so fucking ugly? Dragging around like a broken sow pig! The door opens and Nana walks out, smoking and unruffled. Clara waves in her next victim, looking like a dentist. A nervous-looking Jon enters the bedroom. Clara gives a small smile of anticipation as she closes the door. INT. OUTSIDE BEDROOM - DAY Frank is on the floor in the middle of a wrestling bout with Baraque. He’s surprisingly strong.
I composed this. Yeah, I know. It’s shit. Sooner or later you get the feeling, “Why can’t I be like Frank? Maybe I can be him?” But there can only be one Frank, man.
The GOOGLE AUTOFILL FUNCTION kicks in. All the search terms beginning with the letter H and O that Jon has ever typed appear in a scroll-down list: Horny Brunette masturbates and flashes her asshole Hot Asian teen takes two cocks Hot young college girls strip down and take dick Jon keeps typing: How to be creative.
The Blind Pig.
Why don’t you team up with Princess Marigold over there and start a day care center. She can sing the baby songs and you can wipe the faces and the asses.
Hello Twitter. Well I have to say it’s extremely nice to have Frank to myself without the others constantly going “Blah blah blah Jon you’re a twat” and stabbing me. They’re playing the Vetno music, but the difficult experimental sounds have been replaced by Jon’s unexpectedly LIKEABLE INDIE GUITAR SOUND.
Ain’t no one round here wears a fake head.
I told you ain’t no one round here wears a fake head. Right!You know what that does? When you act that way? It makes me look bad. I’m the one sticking my neck out for. You’re not a kid. You’re 30. I’m 25.
Hello Uncle. You’re looking svelte.
Remember, the most dangerous enemy is not the one who lingers behind you in the shadows, but the one who walks beside you as a friend. You must not trust Aldo. He has dark intentions. He doesn’t care what Gucci stands for. He is driven by ego, pride. Everything Guccio worked for is on the verge of being destroyed. And that son of a bitch of his, Paolo. He’s worth less than the pigeon shit encrusted on his awful suits. Rodolfo hobbles to a portrait of Guccio on the wall. Bows.
A dinosaur posing as an asshole.
But when you’re right, you’re right. And you’re right. Patrizia wipes the mud of her face. Puts the cigarette out in her glass of Scotch.
I’m being very goddamn positive. She rises out of the mud and gets rinsed off by an attendant. 143
How do you know? Patrizia listens some more.S *HS’cuse me, Dolly?
What’s new pussycat? The cat gives pursuit, while HIGH ABOVE, Woody clings to the knob. Yanks on the yarn.
Prove yourself, my ass. EXT. AVENTURA MALL - PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER Stores are closing. Mike and the TNT cops are still waiting.
FIVE MEN await him, standing. A beefy SECURITY OFFICER runs a wand over Mike. He’s clean. Daltrey and Sanchez watch as Mike steps inside the VIP area. But as soon as the glass door closes behind him --- the glass turns FROSTED. Sanchez and Daltrey can’t see in. Shit.
Can you believe that shit, Captain?
Right. You’re just a private dick.
I know how you feel, Mike. No one wants to get this asshole more than me, but we have to let the Feds take the lead. But Mike doesn’t buy that, cutting past her, leaving. Mike!
Alright Burnetts, you’re just here to take what you need and get out. You’re leavin’ in ten minutes. Jesus, Megan, how many suitcases you plan on bringin’? You’re just goin’ on a trip, you’re not movin’ out.
Shut up, Cam.
This is just mean, man.
And so do I. This asshole’s come here to kill me and because of that, Captain Howard’s fighting for his life. You wanna talk respect?
How ‘bout the respect you owe your cops instead of the Feds -- or the respect I owe Howard to go after Luga and bring his ass down for what he did?
Holy shit, I got it. Cam snaps up, alert.
Wow, you really are a genuine slob.
...you know somethin’, Mike? You say you want a partner. But I don’t think you do. You like the one man army thing too much.
Bad Boys, bad boys, what’chu gonna do?
Always say yes. That’s the golden rule. Say yes, then figure out how the hell you’re gonna manage it.
Looks like her mink’s safe. INT.
C’mon in, fellas. They enter in order, Fitzhugh introducing himself.
Shit, lemme have a swing! Susan!!
Then why “shit?”
Good to have you back, Lester. INT. THE TOWER -- COLE’S OFFICE -- DAY - TIGHT ON Cole’s fingers drumming on his desk. He’s nervous. MISS HOLLINGSWORTH stands before him, bitching, her 100 YEAR OLD MOTHER, OLD MRS. HOLLINGSWORTH in a wheelchair beside her,
It’s probly some DVD of some fourway with some other old, ugly-ass couple?
Look, Miss, I don’t want toJOHN Dave, I told her we would look into it tonight. I thought you and I could head over there and show this bastard what’s what.
Emergency room, John. I’m not playing this game with you. I don’t know what else to do. You’re on a bad trip, or whatever they call it. Maybe you can just sleep shit like this off. I don’t know because I’m not a dope fiend or a doctor. Breakdown Services - Casting - Partial Draft
Not really. It heightens your senses. I think. I don’t know. When you’re on it, it’s like overload, like if you hooked your car radio up to one of those interplanetary SETI antennas. You get shit from all over the place, can see things you shouldn’t be able to, but I don’t think it would help you do your taxes.
And you still got some of this stuff? Arnie glances furtively down at the silver cannister.
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen, Arnie? Arnie grins, looking over the box. Like a damn kid at Christmas.
You know what’s in there, right? Nope. No idea. You know Robert had a stash of the shit, and if he had a stash, he couldn’t just cram it under his bed. That black shit moves. It has a will, an attitude. It bites. And then I realized, all at once, what I had come here for. John led me here, of course.
No shit, fluffy. How did you work the pedals?
Dude. I need ya to come roll with me, yo. Know what I’m sayin’?
Wake up, asshole. Look, you started this. Now wake up. A soft voice comes from behind Dave. Hey.
Oh, nuthin’. Nevermind. Oh, have I got a headache.
Look, John, cut the shit. That thing up there in the cockpit is real, real as any of us––and it can make us really dead. Now does anyone understand what it wants with us?
Doesn’t make any sense. Justin, Shitload, whatever his name was, said he needed Amy to open it. A look of determination crosses Amy’s face.
There you are, you wretch! You rotter! You blackguard! Of all the vile, unspeakable fabrications. What do you have to say for yourself?
How could you do a dastardly thing like that to me? What the deuce were you thinking of?
That damn couch.
No. No, I'm an accountant. I wear this as a fucking fashion thing.
Just don't come in to work stinkin' of booze again.
Yeah, so's my thing for tits.
I AM NOT GAY!!
Now don't get me wrong. I was against the Clinton impeachment. What a man does with his penis -- Oval Office, Women's Big & Tall -- it's not for the American people to say.
No. Nothing. I mean, shit, he curses, yeah. But never around children.
Wedgie!
Santa don't do grab-ass, cowboy.
Whaddya you care what I think, anyway?
I pissed my pants!
No, Andy Lapitski. Andy Pizzarelli is Andy Blue Balls.
Oh please. Don't gimme that trite "commercialism" crap. This is what we do, Willie. We get the shit. Christmas time, we get the shit. Because we are men. And Lois. It is Christmas, Willie, and we are men, and Lois.
She’s so hot, dude.
Well I need somebody to tattoo. Come on Rich, what about you man?
He’s so cute. I love his butthole. It reminds me that I have a belly button. So I’m good.
Oh shit, there is a kid.
You’re a badass. Come on, show those muscles kid. Come on, both arms. Put ‘em up. Harold flexes.
Don’t. It’s Harold. Hell yeah.
There he is! Get your ass over here.
It eats ass.
What are you fellas talking about?
We gonna take these pansy Spinners tonight?
It’s when the lining of your stomach is all messed up so it makes you shit all the time.
That shit was dope. High five.
Well could I ask you a question? If I did work here? Let’s say some idiot walks in and he wants to get a tattoo of a Confederate flag wrapped around the Grim Reaper. You could tell that guy to go fuck himself, right? Because that’s a ridiculous tattoo to ask for?
We don’t refer to it as shit work. This is our house. We want it to look nice. Company pride. 111
Well I’m sorry for being a dick. There’s two sides to every story. Thank you for sharing with me. Thanks for taking me here.
It’s my back, I don’t give a fuck. I’m never gonna see it. Plus I gotta tell you something. I saw that drawing you did for Harold. I was kind of blown away by it, man. You’re getting really good at it.
KELSEY
So she became a prostitute.
Cut it out. You gotta cut it out.
She just tries to keep me away from her. Says she turns into a nutcase this time of year.
Your grandmother is Laurie Strode. If I were her I wouldn't celebrate either. I'd put up a Christmas tree instead. Just skip over all the spooky Halloween shit, right?
Her grandmother is a bad ass and was almost fucking murdered, Dave!
Shut up, Dave. Stop talking.
Gottcha!
Cameron. Jesus.
Dude, you got your chapped lip crusties all over me, man. 19.
Stand up! Hands up! Shut up!
What the hell happened to you, Hoss?
Oh shit, dad. Look.
Hey! You okay? You fellas all right? Want some help out here?
Damn.
Look Frank, I don't need to incite panic until we have all the facts. Myers loose with a bunch of nutbags in Haddonfield on Halloween night is a fucking joke if it's not legit. It sounds like a joke. It would ruin our department. And if it is legit. If Myers did escape, we're gonna have a serious circus on our hands.
Get to bed, you little monster.
Jesus Dave! You scared the shit out of me.
Don't creep up on a girl in the dark unless you want to get punched.
Who's your smart ass friend? Come here!
Happy Halloween, Mr. Elrod. Cool mask. Sorry... I'm not trying to trespass on your shit, I was just talking to this pretty girl over there. It's just... I guess, I always kind of liked her. And I know she's bummed out about Cameron so I thought maybe... Stupid, right?
Just wait a damn minute.    I'm not for sale.
Ass-gard?
Piss off, ghost!
Gotta watch out for those Asgardians, man. They are hard to perish.
You bad friend!
Damn you, Stark.
Several Wall Street executives are led handcuffed out of their office building.
••• The guy's a goddamn knock-off
Astroblaster ••• Lasermite ••• They're all the goddamn same. Mac looks out the window.
...The money belonged to a half assed wiseguy from Philly. I had a tip-off he was keeping a million in a pawn shop and was gonna invest it here in LA, try to run a rival operation. I wanted to teach him a lesson...
Don’t worry. I can do that. ButThank you.
Shit. Hey!
Holy shit!! Look at this.
Look. I don’t want to sound like a pussy but...you’re not going to...do anything, are you? It’s just, I love my fiancee. We’re getting married so...I don’t want any...um...
Did one of the guys put you up to this? Was it Joe? Jesus Christ this is dark, even for him.
You are Zorro.
You are no don.
You've stolen something of my father's. I can't let you leave. Zorro laughs.
On the other hand, maybe I'll write that letter first. Give the little fella something to think about. He smiles.
The Mayor wants this to go away. I want this to go away. The way you do that is to stop insisting that Walter Collins was not among those kids killed up at that goddamned ranch. Because if the boy you brought back isn't Walter Collins, and he's not dead up at that ranch, then where the hell is he? People will want to know why we haven't found him. Why we aren't we doing our job.
Hey...I saw you in the papers. You got a lot of moxie, standing up to the police like that.
Hmm. Well, in any case, now your sweet piece of ass is hungry. Pan left as Carla walks to the right. She is now seen in reflection. Guido goes to the sink. We see both his image and its reflection as he washes his hands.
When are you going to begin this film, you bore?
Come on, get out from under there, you idiot. Maybe he’ll give you a little part.
Tell him about my girl cousin.
Conocchia is an old man!
What’s bothering you, Guido? What’s happening to you? 464
Look at this bosom! She kneels next to Guido.
Then you want Fiuggi.
You’re a bit of a bore, just like every one else!
In your right-hand pocket, Boss! Conocchia leans over to Guido.
Oh, you bitch. Kaylie makes a MAD SCRAMBLE for the kitchen timer, reaching out AND RE-SETTING IT JUST IN TIME. Anger flares in her face as
Maam, where's the gent who was sitting 'ere?
Who are you. Tell me who you are and what the hell is going on.
Put your guns down.
Simon, where the hell are you... You want me to do what?
What are you, a lawyer? All I'm saying is that gorilla is a guest at our school for the year, so respect our women the say way we would in his jerkwater country.
You're standing up for the wrong bloke. Fischer ain't your mate.
You bet your little ass I am, shorty. I lost my family. But I gained a woman I love.
Don't get nasty, brother.
I know, Max. Listen. I'm sorry I didn't take your hand when Buchan kicked your ass.
You were a real jerk to me.
...Stopping at nothing to gain Equality with The White Man.
Would you call yourself a Womanizer?
Fuck yeah.
That's fine, just don't get Shit Faced.
It is time for you to understand that you as The growing Intellectuals of this Country, you must define Beauty for Black People, Now that's Black Power.
Truth. Do Four Dogs have Four Assholes?
We're tired of Police Brutality. We're tired of Police Murdering Black Folks.
Black people were Born in Jail.
You getting pretty Chummy with her?
Good Luck Ron with your New Redneck Friend.
KWYD. Christian Talk in The Morning, although the Signal starts to cut out near Pueblo. On the way back I go for 102.7 to get my Allman Brothers Fix. Only I have to change every time that British Fag David Bowie pipes on.
'Course I'm no Stinkin' Kike.
I've got a friend that's up with these Groups. He says they're moving away from the Ole Violent Racist Style. That's what Davis is peddling now, it's become Mainstream.
Tough Titty.
Siddown.
Let me see your Dick.
You like pretty Dicks Felix?
You're passing, Man.
That's my Damn Business!
Watch where you're going. You could get hurt like that Hot Shot.
Bernie Casey's a Badd Brother.
No!!! We fight for what Black People really need! BLACK LIBERATION!!!
But you shouldn't be! We shouldn't have a War going on inside ourselves. Why can't we just be Black People?
Richard Roundtree. Pimps Ain't No Heroes.
Ron O'Neal isn't a Pimp. He's just playing one.
Oh Hell yeah!!!
I know. People think I hate Negroes. I don't and The Organization doesn't either.
I knew a Nigger once.
Meeting. My House. Now. Git ya Ass in gear and don't tell Mealy Mouth Walter.
Killin' 'em.
Who you callin' Boy?
Who's da' Soul Sistah, Stallworth? You been holding out on me.
That's the craziest thing I ever heard. Absolutely not.
He's still sitting in that damn field.
If nothing goes wrong. If the faxes don't go down. If the phone lines are opened. I can't have this magazine hitting the streets by the skin of its ass, Annie.
I saw 'em. In the pasture. Her trying to get on Gonzo! I saw 'em.
You!
We thought we lost him in the snow storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral for the damn thing. Finally, snow stops. Staring to warm up. I go out and start cleaning the truck... Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out from the back seat covered in snow... I nearly stained myself.
I respect him. Hani’s the best liar I’ve ever met -- plays a good game of tennis -- and he can drink like a regular white man. I respect the shit out of Hani.
I’m frustrated because you put me in a pickle, Hani. There are guys out there riding the Milan sleeper with polonium in a fucking coffee can. There’s a bomb every other goddamn day. There is urgency.
Look, I did what I had to do. I don’t have time for ‘patience, sidi, patience’ and sit around and eat fucking couscous. Hani’s interests extend no further than his little fiefdom. Mine are global. That said, I admit I should have told you what I was doing.
NSA is picking up voices it hasn’t heard in years, including one on a World Phone from Vienna we think is Al-Saleem himself, saying something to the effect of, ‘Who the fuck is Omar Sadiki.’ HOFFMAN is interrupted by a small fist tapping on the glass door. He cups the cigarette and looks at his son who’s holding up a toy that needs new batteries.
You know in Amsterdam prostitutes not only belong to a union, they have to pay taxes.
Listen. You don't think that women have these same urges? Young women, just like ourselves, successful and working their asses off to stay that way? You better believe they do.
Where the hell are you going?
If you’d been British, we’d have never let you in the squad. Peary and Eddie turn to watch as Target and his Aide walk over to glad-hand — who else? — the asshole Swedish Coach.
The imagination is God's garden; don't let the Devil play in it. Teach our Italian women to be wives, not whores, don't make us look at filth and debauchery. Make us proud to be Italian...
I am ashamed of you, Guido.
You got it bad.
Johnny Rico, you're jealous !
They took my sister, they'll take anybody.
Aw, you either got what it takes or you don't.
C'mon, move it, you apes !
I wanna be a mom. It's easier to get a licence if you've served.
It stinks, you goin.
Goddam bugs whacked us, Johnny.
Get outa here, private.
Yeah, well, I hear he's a real nutbuster.
Rasczak's Roughnecks !
Stow it, trooper. Give it verything you've got !
Saddle up, Roughnecks. That's our trash !
Roughnecks, you may fire at will.
Tango Urilla is now bug free. Means the Roughnecks have killed  a helluva lotta bugs...!
Give'em hell, sir !
The Roughnecks are always ready, sir.
Alright... Listen up, Roughnecks. We're gonna head west down through bug city, pick up any Rodger Young survivors we run across, and join A Company. Get me ?
Roughnecks...NOW !
You sanctimonious-
Set it down flat. The Camerlengo does.
But Signore, you would not call the ballot. Surely you remember -- you gave up your post as Great Elector. Mortati looks at him.
At Williamson, I flip a switch in my brain . 'Williamson Starr' doesn't use slang. If a rapper would say it, she doesn't, even if her white friends do.
surrounds him laughing WITH him and not AT him. More STUDENTSpass by, cracking up, cat-calling. Shake that ass!
Just cuz my mama's baby's daddy is Mav don't make us blood. She my girl, but Seven don't make us kin.
Damn.
take his damn time .
white male detective,
gon' lie and say that that shit don't hurt. I been in the Heights from the jump, so trust I been where you at. Hurt like this ain't gon' never leave you, but you gotta push on . Feel me?
When you spend three years in lockup doin' somebody else's time, ain't no ropin' back in. He let me out . That was our deal.
Mav sees
gotta
crazy Iesha
am. But, white, black, orange, purple ••• doesn't matter no one gives a shit. We're all the same. STARR
over Assata chant, and 'Hell you tom bout!' a bullhorn pulls Starr out of her daze. She recognizes it •.• STARR
and he is about to fuck everybody.It’s the Autobahn. This is a couple who love to give each other shit. It makes things work.
Well, sorry I wasn’t there to meet you. Now, what the fuck have I got for you? Billie and Peter clock one another. However, there’s little time to process as Charlotte is a whirlwind of peculiarities. She gives them envelopes, key cards and maps.
Now, I’m done. Billie just playfully slaps his ass. They start to unpack.
I said I can always catch a dick
Who’s a jackass?
BILLIE
Easy. I work the winters here. In the summer, my husband and I have our farm. What I eat, doesn’t make him shit. Oh, okay?
BILLIE
BILLIE
That ratter broke my bottle.
Cotton here is mute, sir.  Poor devil had his tongue cut out --
I'm inclined to kill you now, Jack Sparrow, without so much as a word, if you don't lose that grin from you're face.
It's true -- he's the spittin' image of Old Bootstrap.  Even talks the same!
We pillage, we plunder, we rifle, we loot, Drink up me hearties, yo ho.
We kidnap and ravage and we don't give a hoot, Drink up me hearties, yo ho --
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!  We're beggars and blighters, ne'er do well cads, Drink up me hearties, yo ho!
And then Old-Jones says, “What do you think, Pussy? Shall we crack open another Hibrau? And then the cat says, “One loyal friend deserves another.” Bracken rubs his temples. Frustrated.
He was practically foaming at the mouth. Ungrateful S.O.B. is lucky I saved his ass in that meeting. Harvey looks up at Old-Jones. Has a moment.
We already know, you’re gay.
Tell me Harv, how are things in white-collar world?
Gonna crush those wimps from Pabst! So Oscar, Hutch here is looking for a job and I thought this would be a great place for him to start. He’ll work hard and you can pay him minimum wage. What do you say?
Yo Jake, that your new girlfriend? They turn around to see, ANGELA, 20’s, smokin’ hot blue collar chick, sitting in the driver’s seat of a forklift. Jake quickly pushes Hutch away. Turns psycho.
Sorry about that, Hutchinson. Didn't want her to think I was into weird shit. Thanks for covering.
Taking me to get a boob job.
Shit, my ass. The USA just won the gold medal! Hutch moves a stack of boxes to hide the broken window then goes to the fridge and grabs a couple cans of Harvey’s Hibrau. They crack ‘em open and guzzle.
Speaking of ass, there’s going to be a ton of it next week at Fogelman’s barbecue.
Now if you’ll excuse me, Harv, I’ve got work to do. INT. HUTCHINSON HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Harvey paces while bitching to Marilyn on the couch. Nicole flips through the TV channels, bored.
This is probably not the best idea, Hutch, you’re going to get your ass fired for real.
Well, as old Harv says, I’m a life wasting, PlayStation addicted, college drop out that can’t wipe my own ass.
Look at that Mark Cuban dude. You think he’s got a clue? Jackie mishandles the joint from Amanda and drops it.
Good work, Sargent Heinrick. We’ll catch this son of a bitch. And when we do, I’ll chop off his balls and toss them into the malt brewer! UNDER THE TABLE - Harvey crosses his legs. INT. HIBRAU BREWING CO. - HALLWAY Harvey discreetly follows HEINRICK, briefcase in hand. Harvey hangs back as Heinrick enters the security office. MOMENTS LATER Heinrick exits the security office without the briefcase. Goes down the hall to the bathroom. Harvey walks with determination to the office. He looks around. Goes inside. INT. SECURITY OFFICE - DAY Monitors fill the walls. Each one displays a different angle
You can hook that sucker up behind the bar. Done.
Hungry like the wolf, bitch! Jeff Gordon leans into Hutch. Whispers...
Rookie move, bitch. Hutch executes a series of COMPLICATED TAPS and his CAR ROARS to the outside, edging past Jeff Gordon.
Quit being a stubborn ass and go talk to him. INT. HUTCH’S LOFT - NIGHT A KNOCK on the door. Hutch opens it, revealing Harvey.
Arrest him, Sargent Heinrick, and he’s fired. Get this man out of my face. Heinrick approaches Harvey.
Oh shit?! You got his ticket and everything?!
Let Nigerians tell it, they have the best of everything.
Let me? Shit happens. I brought him. Bishop wriggles aggressively out of Malik’s slippery grasp.
Kids used to see her before I did. Pacing back and forth in the lobby in front of everybody. I dressed fly--started pumping weights so no one could say shit to my face about my schizophrenic Mamma.
Homygawd! Aisha?! You scared the shit out of me. How long have you been standing there? Not long.
Why'nt you take 'at sign off your tit, Ray, an' let's go on out.
I'm not some piece a crap.
God, id'n she the cutest damn thing in your life!
You better get your butt off there, Bob! Come on, now!!
I once hung suspendered 90 feet up on a tour, like a damn circus artist...
Honey, took at this little bugger.
I wouldn't be a waitress. They're nasty and full of crap.
Margaret, you are worse than Mrs Jennings.
What are you doing, Wick?
Shut your mouth, Don.
What kind of Birnam?
Keep your hands off me.
I don't want you to go in there now claiming it. It would look queer.
Oh, that Don Birnam. And now you want to kill the other one.Damn straight. Practical performance. 100% Japanese, folded steel. Real hero shit.
Oh you man a FAT Coke.
Yeah man. Three tits. Awesome.
Thanks. Hey, three tits. Awesome.
Hell yes.
Whatcha doin' in the US fellas?
Where the hell did you go?
Oh you know, kickin' back, shooting the shit. Advising the government.
I see. You fellas had much traffic through here?
Not really. Just Michael Biehn's autograph and some pissy jeans. Close in on ZOIL. He seems suddenly motivated.
Mummy, I am bushed.
No, it's 52. Area 51 is just full of old Pan Am jets and mini disc players and shit. It's another "clever subterfuge." GRAHAM joins them with the food.
Man, that way was one fat freak!
You're not still talking about his balls, are you?
It was amazing though, wasn't it? Remember when Paul said "Yo fucknuts'? That was brilliant.
Roooooootttttttccchhaaaa.
Alright then, Clive, when was the last time you got laid.
That's a three pointer Agent Zoil. You better spin your ass around. You got some serious catching up to do. Don't make me come out there.
Aw nuts.
He's my friend! I've known him for twenty years. He introduced me to my wife damnit!
Excuse me, I’m looking for... And then she stops. Her face stunned. Henry stares at her. Sees the queer look on her face.
Dude. If you’re gay, you should just tell Clare and let her meet a new guy.
My point is -- Beth doesn't care. She's crazy about you. Now. As you are. But you gotta act on that shit. If you leave -- if you let her go -you're never gonna forgive yourself.
what are you
clouds the air; papers flutter down into the street. Hud's following Rob and Lily. Our three are pretty goddamn shell-shocked right now. We UPCUT into their conversation --it,
Ralph, sit down and cut out the shit, okay?
...damn plumber was supposed to fix it last week.
I believe that you believe it. And I also believe that shooting you up every time you get the heebie- jeebies ain't gonna do shit for your real problems. We gotta get you out of here--get you to some nice place at the beach or the mountains where you can fight your demons in your own way. Right?
Look. Despite popular opinion to the contrary, I have not always been the career borderline psychotic neurotic that I am today. Up until a coupla years ago I was a writer, a reporter, a damn good one too... Hell, I really kicked some ass with that Selectric...
Shit, this is all standard stuff--
You didn't see shit!       Hold on!
Publish this, asshole!
Jesus
That chick, Hannah, you banged her yet?
Like some fantasy shit?
Simon, let me tell you something. I’ll help you out with this. You have to go after what you want. I’d tear the asshole off an elephant for a piece of trim I wanted that bad.
Stop that. It’s gay.
The only exceptions are drive by shootings, purse snatching, or bomb throwing. Anything else is gay.
Get off of me.
My Gcd, Bob T=out, Barry Reaso:i.er, Cronkite, Holle~...beck, and that's you, Heward, right:? -I'll see you, Dick
Not on my goddam network news
HACKE'l'T
Whatever.
And you! Frumpypigskin.
That dork over there is Arthur!
If you think this whole mad scene ain't dope, I feel you dude. I mean, I'm not trying to get up in your grill or raise your roof or whatever, but what I am screaming is, yo, check out this kazing thazing bazaby.
Oh this place is filthy. I feel like a hobo.
Puss, loan me five bucks!
C'mon Puss, you heard the man, help a brother out.
Puss?!
You poor sweet things.
"Who is this terrible ugly fiend who so rudely intervened?"
Oh, come on, I'm just havin' fun with ya. That's actually a very nice leotard.
...Puss!
You will not ruin things this time ogre.
One of the locals found it at dawn. Didn't believe him 'till I saw it myself.  Even then I didn't believe it.  Scared my men shitless.  Me too. I mean... hell... You could smell it a half mile away, Mr. Pendergast.
Frock's been fired.
Don't be a wuss.  Come on.
Mbwun.
You're color blind.
No one knows.  The Kothoga who live on the tepui are cannibals.
I'm on double over-time, man.
Goddamn it.  I'll get Ippolito and send him up.
George, for Chrissake answer me!
Like hell!
Ippolito!  Where the hell are you? We're trapped in here!  We need help! Ippolito!  Come in, dammit!
Don't tell me what to do you chicken shit bastard.  I saw you cut and run! Lieutenant D'Agosta stayed with us. He is in charge.  There is a monster. I saw it.  Cut through those doors and get us out of here, now!
All right.  The steel doors are designed to retard cutting.  We can go through them, but it would take hours.
Holy shit.  Pull him up.
Get back here, you asshole!  We can't let it get out!Vinnie! You ready for your test today? 6. INT. VINCE JR.’s ROOM VINCE JR., seventeen, is skinny, all elbows and angst. He surfs the web for porn. We see quick flashes of breasts, legs, asses.
Shut up, Vince—
My wife’s been wanting me to add a bathroom and I saw on your sheet that your last job was as a handyman. So that’s the deal. Thirty days back here, build me a bathroom, I’ll pay you a fair wage and then you get to go wherever the hell you want with a few bucks in your pocket. Tony takes this in. Sees that Vince is for real.
Whatever.
Thanks for getting my ass outta the cage.
Shut-up Vin.
Goddamit, Vince! That girl spends eighteen hours a day her head in the books and she finally gets a little time off to spend with her family and you gotta screw it up?
Yeah. Sort of like getting paid for being a screw—up.
She ain’t gonna believe it. No matter what I say, she ain’t gonna believe it. Jesus. I gotta lot to back up and explain to her. Hard to know where to start. The new drinks arrive. They each sip, thinking.
What are you talkin’ here?
I didn’t screw nobody!
He didn’t screw nobody!
What De Niro movie?
Behra nahin hoon!
You are a hot.
Get your ass on the Dance floor Rahul! CUT TO:
Listen, main chalta hoon. He checks his missed calls to avoid eye contact. There’s unresolved tension in the air.
-- Ya, toh tum dono dost ho?
Listen, koi badi baat nahin hai.. just relax.. Shit happens.
---song lyrics--And suddenly Arjun does a fake swerve as if he’s going to crash into the other car.. SCREECH!! The other driver loses control and goes almost off the road. Rahul and Arjun laugh their arses off!!
Ya bro they don’t understand..
Papa, aap toh already ready ho gaye?
“The cinema of my childhood always smells of piss…
Is that you? I wouldn’t have recognized you. This is Federico.
Hey big shot, get off your ass.  They need a potted palm over in the Carl Laemmle Building.
No, of COURSE I'm gonna make the movie!  I've already preósold Alabama and Oklahoma.  Those repressed Okies really go for that twisted pervert stuff.  So we'll just make it without that she-male.  We'll fictitionalize it.
He's a bum.
Tits.
No.  Better than tits -- a star!
Bunny, Bela's here.  Look, hit the bars, work some parties, and get me transvestites!  I need transvestites!
I don't think he's a schmuck.
I did.  I established some tits and ass.
Bela, he talk.  Loretta, she talk. But Tor, he no talk.
Eddie, you screwed up.
I see the usual gang of misfits and dope addicts are here.
Bullchit!  You been like dis too many days.  I want to cheer you up.
My friend, you tink Greta is first woman I ever see?  No!  Many duds, before I find her.
ME?!  No, uh, I'm just a transvestite.
My eyes are killink me.
Did you see that kid grab Vampira's tits?
Paul, you gotta try harder.  I don't want this film to be haif-assed. This time, we go for the quality.
He look nutink like Bela!
He's kinds got his ears.
You!
You!
Are you from the flat in there? You're not registered.
Oh, yes. I meant to tell you. The Allies have landed in France. The Russians'll be here soon. They'll beat the shit out of the Germans. Any day now.
Who's them Blue Men yonder?
Lord You sure knowed what You was doin' when You brung me to this very cell at this very time. A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewheres, and a widder in the makin'.
Howdy, youngins.
Do you, boy? Ah, many's the time poor Brother Ben told me about these youngins.
That feller's just achin' to settle down with some nice woman and make a home for himself.
Mind what I told you. If ever you get in a crack, I just come a-runnin'.
I don't know nothin'!
John's a feller who likes to keep secrets.
It'll go hard, boy, if I find you're lyin'.
Wait, you little whelps! Wait!
Such times, when youngins run the roads!
...before the eyes of God. The world is fast going to damnation because of impudent youngins a-flyin' in the face of Age.
Miz Cooper wants you.
You'll whip me!
Somewheres down river! Parkersburg, mebbe! -- Cincinnati! -- One of them Sodoms on the Ohio River.
How you figgerin' to raise them two without a woman?
And he heard tell of this little King Jesus growin' up and old Herod figgered: Well, shoot! There sure won't be no room for the both of us!
Well, he never knowed for sure which one of all them babies of the land was King Jesus.
And so that cursed old King Herod figgered if he was to kill all the babies in the land, he'd be sure to get little Jesus.
Ruby, git.
And he killed every last one of 'em!
Bust the door down! Set fahr to it! Where's that axe! Climb up on the balcony! You six git 'round to the back!What the hell happened here?
Sometimes I just wish I was less of a wimp.
That was Venetian crystal, you bitch -LAUREL launches a karate KICK at her, CATWOMAN deflects it, lands a blow of her own.
A bitch is a dog.
He's with his bimbo in a box to the right of the stage. But there's all kinds of security -- he's pretty scared of you.
Free at last... to eat what I want, wear what I want, look like a slob if I want... You have no idea how good it feels.
Where are all the white people?
You drove the hell out of that car.
Listen, you son of a bitch. You're a nice boy, you're young, you got a lot going for you. Try to understand me. We got 7,000 felony indictments in the Bronx every year. And we got room for 650 trials. And you are not going to be one of them.
You're new here, Mr. Kramer. Let me explain something to you. This case is what we call a piece of shit. Which means, loosely translated, that you have no evidence.
So you go tell your boss, the district attorney, Captain Ahab Weiss that I know he's out there looking for the great white defendent... but Mr. Williams over there is not it.
No. There's a nurse there      busting my balls. She says the kid      told his mother he was hit by a     car. A Mercedes. And the car left      the scene.
And a damn good one too.                              *
A poor, innocent black kid, walking down the street, minding his own business. And boom! Hit and run. There's a story in it for somebody, Peter. The black community is up in arms. And I'm telling you, when Reverend Bacon gets a feather in his ass, the shit flies high.
You know I'm a sucker for a soft dick.
I'll tell you what you got to do, sir. You've got to send a signal out to the poor people of this city. You got to let them know that justice is blind. You got to let them know that if you're white and rich, you get the same treatment you get when you're black and poor. You got to give people hope!
Ayyyy! You Wall Street honchos are real gamblers. Ayyy! Whaddaya whaddaya! They would devour you. They would eat you up.
Be careful of your clothes. My kid got all this Styrofoam shit back there. They stick to your clothes.
What kind of muckracking yellow journalist are you!? You print a story like this without so much as a by-your-leave to me or to Reverend Bacon here! Who the hell do you think you are.
I'll need some furniture, too. And a new refrigerator. And although I should probably continue to live in that shithole of an apartment at least until after the lawsuit is settled, I would like to start looking now for a co-op in Manhattan -- for me and my son -- something with a view of the river and preferably in a neighborhood that is at least upwardly mobile. Pause as they all look at her.
Go away whoever you are!
You know I'm a sucker for a soft dick.
You dare call me a racist! Well, I say to you, you -- a mob who dares to come into these walls -- I say to you, what does it matter ... the color of a man's skin? If witnesses perjure themselves... and a prosecutor, a sworn officer of the court, enlists the perjurers ... and a district attorney throws a man to the mob and lawyers carve up that man for his money... and men of the cloth, men of God take the prime cuts! Now you tell me --
Yeah, black ants are killers, you look sick man. You need a little salt.
You're a sick mother Bunny.
Hey Taylor, you don't know it but I saved your ass today. I killed a shit-eating dog.
Shit! Morehouse and Sal are short. Fu Sheng's going on R&R, you don't want to send their asses out on an ambush. You got the fresh meat Elias.
Hey O'Neill why don't you cool it, you don't have to be a prick everyday of your life, you know.
...'Course Mom and Dad didn't want me to come, they wanted me to be just like them - respectable, hard- working, making $200 a week, a little house, a family. They drove me crazy with their goddamn world, grandma, you know Mom, I don't want to be a white boy on Wall Street, I don't want my whole life to be predetermined by them.
Oh shit, Doc he's hit too.
You okay man? Neck botherin' you?
Kills the smell of shit anyway.
If you're gonna do it man, 'least do it right.
Put your mouth on that.
Then the worm has definately turned for you man.
Hey Crutcher. I hear you got a Dear John from your gal. Told you she wasn't getting 'nuff from you.
She was a crossbreed, Chinese and Polish.
Please, somebody hold my dick!
Das right dude. You be tryin' to string de black man out on dat shit and keep him DOWN. Time's be coming, my man, when de black man's gonna throw off that yoke.
Sarge, we found some shit!
They don't know Sarge, they don't know!
That dink was reported to me as NVA sir by Sergeant Barnes. Sergeant Barnes.
Elias' a waterwalker... like them politicians in Washington. Want to fight their war with one hand tied round their balls. Ain't no time or need for a courtroom out here...
I was home on leave y'know and everybody's just worried 'bout making money, everybody's out for themselves, they don't even want to talk about it man, it's like the fucking Twilight Zone back there - you wouldn't even KNOW there's a war on here. My sister says to me why you have to go there like I started this...
Your girlfriends gonna look for new lovers, man. Best thing a bro's got's his flap.
Hey Sarge, you wanna tell me which way or do I get to figger it out?
Where you goin' man!
Sir, Bravo Three is inbound from the Sierra Whiskey. Should be here in two zero mikes if'n they don' hit any shit.
Lootenant, they're kickin our ass, they know we're gonna bring heavy shit on 'em pretty soon so they're gonna get in tight under the arty. I spotted a cut running around to the left. Lemme take some men and roll up that flank...
Third Platoon's coming up the stream to reinforce us. Flank's wide open, dinks get 3-4 snipers in these holes, when Third Platoon comes up, they'll get us in a crossfire with 'em. We'll shoot each other to shit, then they'll hit us with everything they got. It'll be a massacre!
Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they cut us to fuckin' pieces!
Short round! It's short, man! They fuckin' got Fu Sheng! BARNES! OVER HERE!
Taylor - get your ass over here. Move!
Push Two Alpha and Two Charlie. Tell'em to haul ass and re-group at the church. Tell'em NOT to fire.
You just haul ass too lootenant.
How you figger that?
Does a chicken have lips? Whoever said we did, babe. Make it outta here, it's all gravy, every day of the rest of your life man - gravy. Oh shit, superlifer!
I gotta didi man. Don't wanna miss that chopper. I'll send you a postcard. After I get me some. I'll send you some tapes too man. This new guy Jimi Hendrix man, whew... you okay Taylor? Just 'member take it easy now, don't think too much, don't be a fool, no such thing as a coward cause it don't mean nuthin. Jes keep on keepin' on. Okay my man...
Bravo Two, Six! Goddamit where the hell you plannin' to pull back to! They're all over the perimeter. Be advised Lieutenant, you WILL hold in place and you will FIGHT and that means YOU, Lieutenant. Out!
Man, you gonna get yoself a silver star.
You ain’t using ‘em.
Yeah, I remember... We were in the store, he’s in his stroller and he goes “Hey, big guy.” I’m like “Me?” He’s like “Yeah you. You see that onesie over there, that bad ass mustard yellow number? I need that in my life.” And I mean he was so charming. What do you say to that?
God damn, that Martina has grown up. ANGLE ON: MARTINA, nineteen and attractive.
Yeah, well, you left me to push Uncle Russell up that damn hill all by myself. Then took all the credit.
No I'm not going to have sex with you.
You!
Get out of my way.
Norman! I told you to lock the damn door.
Poor bastard.
Damn.
Say, any of you fellas seen a stray cat? Mangy critter, Calico, got a torn up left hind foot? The Rangers glance among themselves.
Aw, hell.
This one got a name?
Rode into town, and you was already gone! Came out here and got all turned around, hotter than a whorehouse on nickel night, it is. He takes off his hat and wipes his brow.
Aw, damn.
Bastard! Everyone dives for cover. Cavendish shoots again
Relax, old-timer. We ain't gonna to hurt you. Charlie's head jerks at the sound.
Charlie? One night, it was after he took blind, we were messing around. He was sitting on this rock eating grub, and we said, hey, Charlie, that rock you're sitting on, that's pure goddamn silver! You found yourself a silver nugget! Told him he was a gonna be a rich man, and the ladies would swoon. Now he thinks that hunk of granite is his fortune, won't let it out of his you know.
Sounds like a load of schecoonery to me.
She's gone mad. Tonto stares at him.
Don’t marry that ass.
Must we follow all his hogwash? “Aal izz well”... I won’t be his flunky ... like you.
You have generously offered your bosom ... to this relentless screwer.
You are solid! You called him an ass to his face!
Happens in life too – if you love a person ... not an ass.
Rascals. Stop fibbing.
That scoundrel Rancho is messing with your mind!
Are you gay?
We found Rancho! Now you can’t marry this ass.
Bloody rascals!
He’s not Ranchhoddas!
That rascal Rancho!
Rascal, scoundrel!
Cut the crap.
Forget it, man.
Sweetie, what's wrong? What happened? My God, you've barely been gone ten minutes. Mary stops on the stairs, turns back.
Oh. up her Kroger She looks like she's going to cry. She picks bag, fidgets.
Crazy, man. The chick is cra-zy. Hartman sits up, totally awake and never happier. He points at Steve.
Me, of course me, but every once in a while some of them try to land Steve. It's true. Sure he'll go for a few skanks here and there but it's all just a sad attempt to hide his fear. All he wants is to love but he's afraid of opening up, afraid of putting himself out there, afraid of somebody like you, Mary - yes you - afraid of you breaking his heart. Can you blame him? She's a bit stunned and confused by all of this.
Fox scooped us? Our Mary? The bastards. Steve glares at him.
You'll get us all killed.
Sorry to ruin your trip to the city, but we got a real nut on our hands, Frank.
You're damn right! I'm a child psychologist and you send me into a room with someone who could be a murderer!
He didn't see it. Yurilivich makes a move.
I used to. With my old man. He taught me how to hunt and trap. Trapping's a lot harder than most people think. We used to go after Raccoons mostly. They'd get into our garbage, our fields. When an animal can't live peacefully with those around it, it has to be destroyed. But they're crafty little devils. You see the trick is, you can put your trap down, but no Raccoon is going come near it unless you lay down the scent. You ever smell Raccoon scent? Smells like shit, but to a male Raccoon it smells just like pussy. He'll walk right up to that trap, even though it don't look nothing
Jesus, Alan, you scared the crap outta me. EXT.
Pappa, you let him sass you that way?
That’s ‘cause no one knows your face ‘round here. That don’t mean they’re not in one of those cars lookin’ for us!
Don’t you see what’s been goin’ on down here? They killin’ Negroes for doing a lot less than what you did in Money! You ain’t no white man, Bobo, you one of us! -Wheeler gets between them -WHEELER Leave him alone, Maurice! Mrs. Bryant must’ve kept it to herself. No one has to know. Maurice eyes Emmett and then takes another swig of his beer. The boys share a silent consensus to keep their mouths shut. As a conciliatory gesture, Simmy begins mimicking the BLUES SONG playing from the juke joint, just like Emmett did. Wheeler then joins in, and then Emmett. Maurice half-smiles while eyeing the cars passing by.
You don’t need no goddam socks!
That’s Amzie Moore, a member of the Regional Council for Negro
Money is important to the freedom work we’re doing. Keeping Negroes safe while we try to vote...or speak at a trial. It all takes money. Mamie stares at the children playing and swimming, being free.
Colored men.
Medgar and I worked closely with them. We did good work. We got a lot of Negroes registered to vote for the first time in Mississippi.
Get outta here, Mose. He slams his gavel.
I referred to white people in general.
If this country fails to protect the black body from hate, America has yet to meet her promise: either freedom for everyone, or freedom fails!
Living in the middle of nowhere, like the frigging Una Bomber.
I'm Sophie and this is my brother, Shit for Brains. From over the dune comes the voice of SOPHIE and MILES'S mother, RACHEL LYALL.
No Sophie, I just don't believe fourteen year-old girls should be dressing to look like porn stars. It objectifies them.
Pitter, patter, soft words, fingers out of the sauces you sons and daughters of bitches and blanch the nettles or they will sting you. Brigade, make everything the best it can be.. A pause.
...the turkey and goose will be accompanied by the following. Plum sauce, bread sauce, cranberry sauce, cloudberry sauce. Potatoes, carrots, spinach, three plums for the Prince of Wales, organic carrots, please be careful which box you take the carrots from because he checks, parsnips, again organic, again check the fucking box, gravy will be Peter, sauces Helen, oh and peas, organic,
No you’re not. You’re having a childish giggle and I love it. Fuck doctors. Fuck pills and drugs. What you need is love, shocks and laughter. Are you ready t o walk now? Diana stops laughing and takes a deep breath.
I’m tellin’ ya, bro, it’s identical to the German.
Thanks a lot, yo. Kick some ass out there.
You know it, broski! The meatheads excitedly head off. Randy turns his attention back to Stephanie, who’s glaring at him with cold disgust. What? Same shit.
Goddamn you are smokin’. Cassidy smiles a little. This makes her feel good.
Promoter told me everybody was hanging around wondering if I was okay, they wound up buying up all of his T-shirts and shit. Whole merch table got cleaned out.
Why the fuck not? I’m her father. A person only gets one father in this life. Exactly.
Sold the shit outta that one. No way!
Volpe gave me an assload to pass out. He hands it to Brumberg.
All day long, hot horny housewives begging for your meat.
I think she might be a lesbian.
You’re gonna turn this down, too? Man, you’re rough! Cassidy chuckles a little. She takes it.
Fuckin’ eighties, man. Best shit ever.
They had this cheesy-ass skeleton that popped out of a coffin. You’d get so scared, you’d cry. Then you’d beg to go in again.
My priorities were all fucked up. I know that. But now... I wanna try to make things right. I wanna try to get to know you.
No wrestling, just reffing. Thought it might be fun. Shits ‘n’ giggles. Brumberg, nodding, reaches down and grabs out a beat-up SPIRAL NOTEBOOK with old event flyers sticking out.
Just reffing, my ass. I knew you’d get in there. Randy gives him a “Hey, what can I say?” shrug.
Look, I’m sorry if I came off like a bitch. I didn’t mean that stuff I said. You’re not just a customer. Randy nods. He heads toward his trailer. Cassidy follows.
I can usually read people like a damn book. But you were all over the map my friend. I still can’t spot your tell.
You’re just going down to New Orleans for the hell of it?
C’mon rainbow! Hot damn!
Okay, look-- I had eight hundred last night and some meth head robbed me by knife point and stabbed me in the gut. He lifts up his shirt, revealing the blood-stained bandage. See?
Woman titties for a whole year?
I’m not a good person, Curtis... I don’t deserve you. But it’s like you were sent to me. Like a leprechaun. A fucking handsome leprechaun dropped down in the middle of Iowa. And the reason I lost in Memphis is you weren’t there with me. I can’t do it alone.
We’re in this together. And I want you to know-- I didn’t follow you down this damn river to lose. HOLD ON CURTIS processing.
No! C’mon Toto! Damnit, c’mon you stupid horse!
You fellas know where a guy can shoot some darts around here? The tough-looking players stop their game and size Curtis up.
What’s wrong with you, man?
You’re a crazy son of a bitch, you know that? The baller peels off two hundred dollar bills, pockets them, and tucks the envelope back in Curtis’ jacket. He and his friends leave the court, shaking their heads. Curtis stands up, dusts himself off. 105
Get...in...there...you...big...man!
Humpty Dumpty!
He died in the most macho way possible.
Yeah, sounds like El Macho's pretty dead...
`Scusi, whassa happenin' here?    She no like?
Ha ha!    I knew it!   You are El Macho!
You little sneak!
You... You're a... Cow Demon!
Gee Jerry, you look like shit.
Goddamn expensive. It's a Sing to purify and drive off the corpse sickness. Two days of dancing and ceremony and feeding the whole damn village. Not even to mention hiring the yataallii, if you can even find one these days. And you can bet they don't come cheap. But every clan does it a bit different. Especially Mary's.
You're gonna have to watch that profanity.
Do you even listen? Do you still come to places like this? Old Man, you have been calling me most of my goddamn life, but every time I get close, you just keep moving that far away. What's it to be? You want me to kill your henchmen? Can't you even control your own killers anymore?
Yeah, He's certainly a shy son of a bitch, I'll give Him that.
You ought to have that nose looked at, man.
Watch it, Lynch.
Please. Snowboards are too EMO for me. Give it ten more years and that fad will be dead.
Seriously, that guy was such a dick.
Good for you, Lynch.   You got her number!
Rifkin takes his place.
Well you being all psycho about it isn't gonna make it move. Just chill out.
I'm pissing.
Lynch holds his head.
Holy shit, is that high up.
You can do this, Lynch.     You've got it.
Come on, Lynch! You had it!
It's the little differences. A lotta the same shit we got here, they got there, but there they're a little different.
No no no no no no no, nothin' that bad.
Shit yeah. I got my technique down man, I don't tickle or nothin'.
In the fifth, your ass goes down.
In the fifth, my ass goes down.
Vincent Vega, our man in Amsterdam, git your ass on in here.
Vincent Vega has entered the building, git your ass over here!
It's on the wall by the two African fellas.
You can have this one, cowgirl.
Goddamn! That's a pretty fuckin' good milk shake.
Uncomfortable silences. Why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable?
That's when you know you found somebody special. When you can just shit the fuck up for a minute, and comfortably share silence.
And, uh, how 'bout your fella here?
I'm gonna take a piss.
Disco! Vince, you little cola nut, you've been holding out on me.
Hurry up man! We're losin' her!
That's one hell of a name you got there, sister.
I'm an American, our names don't mean shit. Anyway, moving right along, what is it you wanna know, Esmarelda?
Shut up, Fatso! I don't have a pot! I have a bit of a tummy, like Madonna when she did "Lucky Star," it's not the same thing.
No. Pot bellies make a man look either oafish, or like a gorilla. But on a woman, a pot belly is very sexy. The rest of you is normal. Normal face, normal legs, normal hips, normal ass, but with a big, perfectly round pot belly. If I had one, I'd wear a tee-shirt two sizes too small to accentuate it.
If you did leave it at the apartment, it's not your fault. I had you bring a bunch of stuff. I reminded you about it, but I didn't illustrate how personal the watch was to me. If all I gave a fuck about was my watch, I should've told you. You ain't a mind reader.
Nobody kills anybody in my place of business except me or Zed.
They did that to each other. They was fightin' when they came in. This one was gonna shoot that one.
I think The Gimp's sleepin'.
You want that gun, Zed? Pick it up.
Go on now, get your ass outta here.
Who's Zed?
Goddammit, Jules 
I'll bet ya ten thousand dollars, he laughs his ass off.
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are in some serious shit. We're in a car we gotta get off the road, pronto! I need to use your garage for a couple hours.
Put yourself in his position. It's eight o'clock in the morning. He just woke up, he wasn't prepared for this shit. Don't forget who's doin' who a favor.
 don't fuckin' Jimmie me, man, I can't be Jimmied. There's nothin' you can say that's gonna make me forget I love my wife. Now she's workin' the graveyard shift at the hospital. She'll be comin' home in less than an hour and a half. Make your phone calls, talk to your people, than get the fuck out of my house.
You got to appreciate what an explosive element this Bonnie situation is. If she comes home from a hard day's work and finds a bunch of gangsters doin' a bunch of gangsta' shit in her kitchen, ain't no tellin' what she's apt to do.
Hey man, as far as I know, the motherfucker's tip-top.
Take the body, stick it in the trunk. Now Jimmie, this looks to be a pretty domesticated house. That would lead me to believe that in the garage or under the sink, you got a bunch of cleansers and cleaners and shit like that, am I correct?
White.
To your bare ass.
Dorks. They look like a couple of dorks.
Gentlemen, let's get our rules of the road straight. We're going to a place called Monster Joe's Truck and Tow. Monster Joe and his daughter Raquel are sympathetic to out dilemma. The place is North Hollywood, so a few twist and turns aside, we'll be goin' up Hollywood Way. Now I'll drive the tainted car. Jules, you ride with me.  Vincent, you follow in my Porsche. Now if we cross the path of any John Q. Laws, nobody does a fuckin' thing 'til I do something.
I'll see you two around, and stay outta trouble, you crazy kids.
Sounds like a shit job.
Now this is the situation. Normally both of your asses would be dead as fuckin' fried chicken. But you happened to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period. I don't wanna kill ya, I want to help ya. But I'm afraid I can't give you the case. It don't belong to me. Besides, I went through too much shit this morning on account of this case to just hand it over to your ass.
It's cool, Vincent! It's cool! Don't do a goddamn thing. Yolanda, it's cool baby, nothin's changed. We're still just talkin'.
Jules, if you give this nimrod fifteen hundred buck, I'm gonna shoot 'em on general principle.
...shit. INT. USS HARRY S. TRUMAN - TAC-OPS CENTER - NIGHT LIVE HELICOPTER FEEDS show the same footage of the Hokmuto. As Honda casts an accusatory glance at Bayer.
Ay! What the hell.
What’cha doin’, man?
Come on, come on, dammit Ford!And now for a bit of poetic foreplay. I’m going to lube up your ear sockets with something I wrote as a prepubescent turk growing up in the wilds of Kentucky surrounded by rednecks and turds and inbreds and cock jammers, hostile locals with dead souls and limp dicks. It’s the first poem I ever wrote as a boy, an innocent, and I always like to start out each reading I do with this. It’s short and sweet and it takes me back to a pure place.
This is my house angel pussy. This is what the house of a poet looks like. I am a great poet and a great lover. Welcome. He walks through the living room holding the kitten. INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Moondog stares at a shelf full of his books all translated into different languages.
These are my books. One day you will read them all angel pussy. He kisses the kittens head and stares at his books. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT Moondog sets the kitten on the table. He opens the refrigerator and pulls out a carton of milk. He pours some into a bowl. The kitten laps it up.
Don't be a jerk. OK Minnie.
Don't be a douche.
My brother. Hot damn! Jimmy.
I'm blown away man.
No you suck Phil. Moondog passes him the bottle.
I was in a cover band that used to rock this shit.
Yeah man they just married.
Are those natural? The blonde nods yes. INT. WHORE HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT Moondog is strapped to a bondage device hung from ceiling. Three of the prostitutes whip him. He howls like a wolf. EXT. WHORE HOUSE/BALCONY - NIGHT Moondog sits at a table on the balcony in front of his typewriter. The sound of the ocean is heard. The three topless prostitutes sit across table and stare back at him. The light is soft and romantic. They pass a joint around. Moondog taps repetitively on a single key. He looks straight ahead at the girls sitting in front of him.
PROSTITUTE 2
...Business is so good I bought a second boat. I named the boat “Success.” Its easy work. I just take the tourists to the outer key and when you see a dolphin I just act real fucken stoked and then tell ‘em to dive in. Make sure they don't drown, although I'm completely indemnified and covered by insurance. I've only ever had four deaths on my watch. Captain Wack starts reeling in a fish.
We’re gonna kick some ass together man.
But what he failed to mention kids is that dolphins also have cork screw penis. Freaky and wild lookin things.
Holy shit Moondog. Hay Jimmy.
You man. Me?
No offence Moondog.
Gonna help get you out of all this shit once and for all. Moondog smiles.
My nuts?
Yeah dude, it looks like you got some serious low-hangers down below. I’m gonna start callin you Droopy. Jimmy looks over his shoulder and makes sure nobody is watching. Moondog blushes a bit and adjusts his balls.
Poems flooding out your asshole dude. Yes!
Fuck that's awesome man.
Seein you in Havana, sweating like a pig on my porch.
!'!::at's deoatahle,
AllD HIS HOJ!SZ
MARY POPPDIS
MARY POPPDIS
Her eyeo are
Ver:, well. Ir you'll :ust ,top behaving like a pack of laughing hyenas
'ando wif you! Jan,,
of sugar Goe, a long, lor,g way an •ealchy 'elpin' 'Ave your,elf E·,ery day!
assume the reoponsthillty
Florence starts to walk away.
My sources tell me this Home Improvement Commission is for real... it's no jackpot. These guys are going to be a real pain in the ass, so any of the scams that you guys are pulling, they get wind of it, they take your license and it's goodbye to this business.
Any irregularities, you know, selling a house on the pretense that it's a model house and every job sold in the area they get a kickback... the Life Magazine hustle... you guys know all the bullshit numbers we can run.
Look at you, quarter to three and home already. What happened? You and the fellas run out of things to talk about?
You think I'm gonna let some schmuck know all my business... have some guy pull me over the coals for spending on this and that. I need some privacy.
You were never one of those atheists, were you?
Get me a Bloody Mary.
Goddamn it, BB! Did you sign them?
I always taught you, BB, never walk out of a place without a signed contract. Somebody's word ain't spit.
No. He don't talk much; he's a good listener, so he can't really get on your nerves. He's a lousy pool player and he can't play cards for shit, but...
You're the craziest human being on the face of this earth! Tilley, getting ready with another egg.
I wanted to humiliate the guy. Here I am, out busting my ass all day making a decent living, I come home, and some schmuck is trying to steal from me.
You know, when I saw 'Bonanza' the other day, something occurred to me. There's those three guys living on the Ponderosa and you never hear them say anything about wanting to get laid. You never hear Hoss turn to Little Joe and say 'I had such a hard-on when I woke up this morning.' You know ... they never talk about broads ... nothing. Ya never hear Little Joe say 'Hey, Hoss, I went into Virginia City and saw a girl with the greatest ass I ever saw in my life.' Ya just see 'em walking around the Ponderosa saying, 'Yes, Pa,' and 'Where's Little Joe?' Nothing about broads. I don't think I'm being too picky... at least once if they talked about getting horny. I don't care if you're living on the Ponderosa or right here in Baltimore, guys talk about getting laid.
Um... I don't know... we have no recollection of this particular job, but I don't know if this is deception. Look, if you work in a clothing store, some guy tries on a suit, it looks like shit, but you tell him it looks wonderful. The guy's standing there looking like a sack of shit, the salesman says what a great suit and the man buys it. That's deception as far as I can see, but I don't understand the deceptiveness that you say we're responsible for... if I make myself clear.
Hey, Beeb. What happened to you? That broad beat the shit out of you?
You got a problem Cheney? No sir.
Does Dick want some coffee?
So I would do this flaming baton trick and Dick would wait around with a bucket of water. So I’m at the State Finals and I throw up the baton....and it doesn’t come down.
You’re quiet. I like that. You’re not blabbing to everyone what cards you have. I missed my flush draw a month ago but everyone still thinks I have pocket kings. Except maybe fucking Haldeman.
Here’s your new office. No windows. But all you’d see is a bunch of hippies flipping off Nixon. He sits down and picks up his phone.
Dad...Dad... Dick walks over.
Heya Dick. You catching any fish? THERE IS A RESOLUTE LOOK IN DICK’S EYES. He stares at Wayne.
The plan? Well the plan is to take over the damn place...
They gave me the damn keys to the palace! He pours two Glenlivet neats.
If I may, I believe I may have a way to put an ore in the water, on Russia. What ifKISSINGER Mr. PresidentFORD Come on Henry let’s hear Dick out.
Well, I’m not talking about Don, I’m talking about you. And I’m going to give you a kiss, right her in the White House. She holds Dick. They kiss. A SECRET SERVICE AGENT peeks in the door with Liz and Mary in tow.
Hey Dick... Hello Lynne. Congratulations on your appointment.
What’s that fella’s problem?
Mom, Dad, I like girls... I’m gay. Dick and Lynne are silent for a long time. Everything they’ve worked for hangs in the balance. Finally Dick moves towards Mary and hugs her.
Hello Dick.
We’ve had a lot of successes Dick. Vice President is a nothing job.
Stacked on a teacup and saucer.... Back to Dick and Lynne in the bathroom.
You know what? INT. CHENEY BEDROOM Dick and Lynne get settled into bed.
He’s got allies Dick... Connections. You’re new to his world. You don’t know the landscape.
That’s not a bad thing with W. He wants to be his own man. Dick checks his blackberry.
They’re no dummies.
What the hell is FACA?
Hey, hey, hey, alright. Let’s slow down. That’s enough of that guys. Dick is next to W across the room. He speaks to him quietly.
They had no operational contact. Hogwash.
Look at this crap. Hello Don.
Hey Dick. I hope there’s no hard feelings about us investigating the no-bid Iraq contracts for Halliburton. Just doing my job. Cheney turns to him with his crooked smile.
Lynne comes over to Dick and they share a quiet moment together. EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
Chicken shit!And I never get a knock when the boys call Cock, cockity ock ock, cock Robin! In my old red vest, I mean to cut a shine, walking down the street they call me ‘Danger on the Line!’
Oh, this damned thing!
All the better I should take him off your hands, then. Tadjui, Fawcett exchange glares.
We taught ‘em. [To] Civilize ‘em.
Major Fawcett?
You don’t care one whit about me or the rest of our party, Mr. Fawcett. You don’t even care about returning home--you only care about finding your bloody city!
BRIAN FAWCETT
He and his bloody cronies may have put us in this hellhole, but his latest expedition seems to have come a cropper.
Bastard went off on an arctic expedition with Canadians and mutinied--he’s not been heard from since!
PERCY FAWCETTOrrin Blake's a jerk. He's always been a jerk.
You're going to love it. It's a real pisser. You get to do things up here that are great.
You better get down, Barnett, before he shits himself. One of the guys finds an old discarded shovel against the wall. He hands it up to Elmo. Elmo swings the handle of the shovel and knocks the ball loose.
If you can't learn to play it, sell the damn thing.
Hellloooo laaaadddiieeesss.
Yes I am! Hey, hoes before bros, right?
The way Von figures it we’ve got a better chance of getting quality if we use you. No one gives a shit about Dickie and Von Cartigan, but Charles Cartigan, the Hammer, you’re a name. Charlie stares at the list.
Oh shit! CUT TO: MARTHA AND ELAINE
Like a burst fire hydrant of cat shit, that was unreal.
Oof. Bad. See this is why I’m never gonna be a lesbian. Elaine looks at her, confused.
Then chew the damn gum. Wally shrugs.
I’m a dumb ass, I forgot something. Do you mind if we make a stop? It’ll only take a second.
I hate that feeling Steve, but there’s no denying it, man, you got me. Shotgun Steve. You are damn good. Why the fuck would they give you birdshot?
A little syndicate up north; drugs, heroin mainly, thought they were really tough guys. Tried to hire Minch, bing bang boom, their guys are dead. They try to come after him for revenge, and the backlash destroys them.
Hopper, we’ve got problems, twelve uglies headed into the building.
Stop shooting, damnit, wait until we have a clear shot!
Think...think you brought enough guns, fellahs?
on the bookmark is a name: AWOLOWAODUSAMI, and it a PHONE NUMBER.
I do t oo swee th eart.
ABBEYEA ELIIZABETHHAY TYLEREYH.
you ,vhat
you!
my daughter. OLATUNDE
she sits in and Awolowa RECORDING.
f o r her
o f his head the size
'l'r ini ty spi.tting
He sucks
Niobe. He seems, for what he wants Are
No it Niobe's
That was a long time ago, Niobe nowhere near this long a run.
christ's sakes,
damn time.
None. It's completely impossible. But he wouldn't listen. He wouldn't even take any ammunition. He was totally out of his goddamn mind. Morpheus has sat
You know man, I'm
Yes, we are, aren't we? And let's take a else look at that. One, we're talking about a hoodlum friend an ex-con, Two, a professional aoartment. The Three, in a coo's whole thing stinks to high hell.
California breasts
Mikeys dead.
fella.
Axel, you look like a hoodlum, you barge in there without an appointment and you were carrying a gun.
You guys crack me up with this on duty shit.
Put your hands everyone drunkeness
You've coff~e
INT. OWENBY Bogomil looks
lyin' your
Fellas, I'm touched. You didn't have t~ come see me off like this. I'm very moved. This is·a very nice gesture.
Yeah, Billy, listen Lighten up; T~ggart and Rcsewood get out of his car window.all right? It happens! People do shit! They get stressed and they fuck up!
God damn. They're INT.
Now he is a free man, and I am the prisoner. BLACK:
Yes, I've got gay locked in syndrome, and I am nuts about your friend.
Oh my God. SYLVIE realises who it is.
- You're drunk, Lovell.
jolt, fellas.
- It's that damn TV guide again.
- Shit, it's main bus A!
- Freddo, inform Houston I'm well aware of goddamn gimbals.
- Let's get the show on the road. Put him in space, fellas.
- I'm drinking my ration, same as you. I think old Swigert gave me the clap. He's been pissin' in my relief tube.
- Hey! This piece of shit's gonna get you home
- Hey, don't tell me how to fly the damn CM, all right!
- They brought me in here to do a job, they asked me to stir the damn tanks and I stirred the tanks!
- Jack, stop kicking yourself in the ass.
- Just breathe normal, fellas.
- Damn.
- I don't know where the hell we're gonna find it.
- Damn.
Donny, this has gotta stop. Your son’s getting married. That’s once in a lifetime. Ideally. You gotta be there. Besides, maybe he’d even help you, if you stop being a dick.
He’s a dick.
...You know, like a private eye. Really successful. He’s one of the biggest dicks in the world.
What d’you care?
...You’re a dude.
I can show as much peen as gets the job done!
Do you think this is all a big joke? This is our wedding. You know, ever since Donny - your mysterious white trash best friend that I’ve never heard of who saved your life - showed up, you’re like a totally different person.
We could also probably run over our penises with cars.
I didn’t get laid til I was 22.
Didn’t I get you laid when you were 13?
I do not wanna have sex.
...Uh, Don, we can’t use anything without his consent. You pulled me away from St. Barts for this shit!?
You know, I think maybe he’s gay, and it’s one of those deals where it’s tearing him up inside.
I’m buying you from that bastard.
This is the way things are down in the dirt with us mortals. Better to be a gold-plated bastard than a beggar full of charity. Dying’s a rich man’s game.
Lucky those bitches don’t know the history of this place. While he was constructing the tombs, the architect built a hidden passage here... so he could have secret liaisons with the Queen. They reach an UNDERGROUND RIVER.
You white-livered mortal...
I’m Horus.